conservatives when michelle obama got kids to eat healthy: "a first lady shouldn't get this involved in politics!"

conservatives when melania trump fired a white house staffer: 

next may we’re getting both the conclusion of #gameofthrones and avengers: infinty war. be still my beating heart!

who is going to fire john kelly since john kelly can’t fire john kelly? trump clearly doesn’t have the guts to do it judging from his record of avoiding one-on-one confrontation.

stop spreading conspiracy theories without evidence, lil marco. what needs to be thrown out of florida is you. https://t.co/tz6jvr68yr

donald trump:

wouldn't honor fallen soldiers due to rain
used troops in election stunt
insulted pow mccain
hid military drinking-water crisis
won't visit afghanistan
saluted n. korean general
wants to toss out service member ballots

nobody loves the military more than this guy!

on good morning america, michelle obama throws shade at donald trump, joking that if he is qualified to be president everyone is including her 17-year-old daughter sasha. https://t.co/r9h895prvr

the good news about #amazonhq2 not coming to austin is that our traffic would've been even more brutal.

so donald trump wants homeland security secretary kirstjen nielsen gone. she might have a tough time landing her next job. baby imprisoning is frowned upon by most employers.

the election of kyrsten sinema, who's openly bisexual, puts an exclamation point at the end of a "rainbow wave." a historic 150+ lgbtq candidates won in 2018.

now that democrat kyrsten sinema has officially turned a senate seat in arizona blue for the first time since 1988, the best the senate gop can do is a pickup of 2 seats despite having a dream map. far from the big win donald trump sold it as.

@ariberman as a texan, i’m ashamed but not surprised that we re-elected a person indicted on multiple felony counts as our top cop. the election was pretty close for tx, though. the small silver lining.

to democrats: only tell us if you are one of the few who isn't running for president. at this point, we'll assume everybody else is and save some time.

2015: trump says "there's nobody bigger or better at the military than i am."

2016: trump says hillary doesn't have "stamina" to be potus.

2018: trump blows off honoring the military all veterans day weekend because his lazy ass wanted to binge-watch fox news and avoid rain.

"comic books to me are fairy tales for grown-ups." - stan lee

as much of the world turns to authoritarians and nationalism, the stories lee created are more popular, and important, than ever before. reminding us that diversity is a strength and justice ultimately prevails. rip.

no clue who the democratic 2020 nominee should be yet, but here's who it shouldn't be: a trump voter. hard pass on richard ojeda.

@murtadmilli no, it's real. @snopes even fact-checked it. https://t.co/duuj8ngwbb

warning: do not get trumpy bear wet. even a drizzle will ruin his patriotism. https://t.co/msvkgcjfvt

@jordanuhl @vetsaboutface oh, joe. this is extremely disappointing.

think we are all gonna miss kate mckinnon doing jeff sessions. one of her best impressions. #snl https://t.co/eodswvpgjt

*2020 presidential debate*

donald trump: "nobody respects the troops like i do, ok. believe me."

kamala harris: "you ditched a world war one memorial because you didn't want to have a bad hair day.”

[the crowd erupts in laughter. trump's grapefruit complexion turns beet red.]

trump insulted american firefighters risking their lives while sitting in a paris hotel suite refusing to go to a wwi memorial with other leaders because the rain would ruin his hairdo. we’re supposed to believe he’s this tough, blue-collar president who loves the troops? gtfo

thousand oaks was two days ago and already it's old news. alarming that america now instantly shrugs off mass shootings. the victims and their families deserve better.

really wish robert mueller would hurry up and give us the roger stone indictment we all know is coming before stone pulls off another brooks brothers riot during the florida recounts.

to those who say it’s not a blue wave:

most house seats gained by democrats since watergate

added 7 governors, lost zero

claimed attorneys general majority

flipped almost 400 state legislature seats

if sinema and nelson win, loss of only 1 senate seat despite brutal map

giving the presidential medal of freedom to both babe ruth and elvis in 2018 is what somebody with a first grader’s understanding of history would do. actually, that totally makes sense. nevermind.

hey, conservatives who don’t think trump giving a presidential medal of freedom to miriam adelson for being a megadonor is inappropriate, close your eyes and imagine obama giving one to george soros. hello? hello? where’d you go? did your head explode? hate it when that happens.

@lauraleefulmer @kamalaharris @betoorourke that’s the super early dream ticket! we will see how it shakes out.

trump treats every group but conservative white men like garbage, but the way he talks to and about black women is particularly appalling. a black female presidential candidate beating him in 2020 would be poetic justice.

the takeaway from arizona, florida and georgia is that republicans seem both shocked and furious that democrats are actually fighting for elections to be fair. it’s like the gop is so accustomed to getting away with it that they didn’t even see this coming.

@redistrict @juliefortx25 is what happens when great candidates meet terrible maps.

@realdonaldtrump bill nelson did not concede. also, a concession is not legally binding, just a political courtesy, something someone as selfish as donald trump would never understand.

midterms are over. the "war on christmas" is here. you probably want to spend way less time on politics. give my newsletter, @theleft, a try as a quick, easy way to stay caught up from a liberal pov. it's free.

subscribe: https://t.co/xtur37ohlv 
preview: https://t.co/nmoqiymoxn

@realdonaldtrump nonetheless, republicans are trying to steal an election in florida. it’s sort of been a party tradition ever since 2000.

@realdonaldtrump remember when trump made up a bogus presidential advisory commission on election integrity and kris kobach and pence couldn’t find any voter fraud?

@realdonaldtrump voter fraud is a myth
voter fraud is a myth
voter fraud is a myth
voter fraud is a myth
voter fraud is a myth
voter fraud is a myth
voter fraud is a myth
voter fraud is a myth
voter fraud is a myth
voter fraud is a myth
voter fraud is a myth
voter fraud is a myth

a.) it’s called actually counting all the votes. realize that is an unfamiliar concept for some red states. 

b.) all us intelligence agencies agree that putin/russia interfered in 2016. trump is sucking up to him before he sees him this weekend. https://t.co/ud1ztdianx

@yashar rightfully so!

if beto o'rourke doesn't want to run for president in 2020, he could run for the senate again vs. john cornyn. supporters wouldn't even need new yard signs. https://t.co/kj3qfnramy

@alecmacgillis this is a really smart thread. lots of solid points. honestly believe ohio is lost for dems in terms of it being a purple state. feel better long term about az, fl, ga, nc and tx.

martha maccallum of fox news actually confronted lindsey graham for saying there would be "holy hell to pay" if trump fired jeff sessions as ag. totally caught graham by surprise that it wasn't a softball question. his only response was to act like 2017 was a super long time ago. https://t.co/obanqrbspt

gop = gaslighting our people

we steal florida elections? no, you steal florida elections!

we don't cover pre-existing conditions? no, you don't cover em!

we like right-wing propaganda? no, you like fake news!

we are the racists? no, you are the ones playing identity politics!

@realdonaldtrump less than 50 credible instances of voter fraud since 2000 and over like a billion ballots cast. gtfo with this nonsense.

@thor_benson a republican president who blew up the deficit cutting taxes and botched a hurricane response.

@realdonaldtrump the only corruption law enforcement should look into is widespread gop voter suppression. from north carolina to georgia, from florida to arizona. republicans know if everyone votes they lose more often than not.

very on-brand for a republican president to try to steal florida. https://t.co/va4gn6lake

@mollyjongfast a root canal on the day junior gets indicted would still be fun. 🎉

@james1976mc the special election is in 2020.

if synema and nelson both win the senate would be 48-52 and trump would've done all that chest-thumping over a pickup of one measly seat. even if only one wins, the gop adds two seats despite having a dream 2018 map.

if you want to keep checking live kyrsten sinema-marthy mcsally vote totals, here's the az secretary of state website link: https://t.co/o7lpgdjedt

kyrsten sinema is now leading the arizona us senate race! would love to see trump's face if she pulls this off and bill nelson wins the florida recount. https://t.co/qm14zdk7d2

weird how the migrant caravan "invasion" conservatives obsessed over that supposedly included isis and ms-13 and thanos and pennywise suddenly is no longer a thing they want to talk about after election day.

"florida recount" has long been one of my least favorite phrases. thinking about the brooks brothers riot and hanging chads makes my blood boil. damn, would either an andrew gillum or bill nelson win this time around be cathartic.

@ananavarro the 2000 winner was illegitimate.

@cameron_kasky yup! unfortunately, in the state of florida, every vote counting is far from a sure thing. see: 2000.

the white house helped the gop win races with the lie that this is the era of "fake" allegations and "a very scary time" for men.

then right after the election sarah sanders makes a fake allegation to try to cost journalist jim acosta his job.

she should lose her job instead.

@cmthoma30445933 i realize that. doesn’t mean they can’t start discussing legislation now.

look, i dislike the president as much as anybody, but that doesn’t mean we shouldn’t push him on gun reform. democrats now control the house and innocent people keep dying. we gotta try. if he doesn’t go for it, and he won’t, we can say heading into 2020 that he didn’t act.

@mollyjongfast marsha blackburn is also the dana loesch of ted cruzes.

trump says he’s serious about bipartisanship with nancy pelosi. 

he claims his fortune means no special interests, like @nra, own him.

prove it!

pick up the phone right now and work with democrats on common sense gun laws to end the mass shooting epidemic. stop the bloodshed.

@zacharybest if he wasn’t a white guy she wouldn’t be making excuses like this either. it’s really effed up.

certainly don’t condone the harassment of tucker carlson or any other person in media, but this is somebody who is inciting white extremism at a time when domestic terrorism and hate crimes are spiking. what the hell did he expect to happen as a result?

think about everything ruth bader ginsburg has overcome in her life. some broken ribs aren't going to stop a feminist gladiator who shatters glass ceilings with her gavel.

@mollyjongfast i will also ditch my agnostic ways if it keeps rbg on the bench.

the actual number is $1,253,000, which was the combined total spent supporting marsha blackburn and attacking opponent phil bredesen during the tennessee us senate race. see more here (via @teamtrace): https://t.co/eoikbqygs3

senator-elect marsha blackburn gets asked about the thousand oaks mass shooting, and literally the first thing she says is "what we do is say how do make certain that we protect the 2nd amendment." this is why the nra spent over $1 million supporting her. https://t.co/wf63m0qyg7

the election was only two days ago but we’ve already seen the banishment of an innocent journalist, the installation of a yes-man attorney general, the hospitalization of ruth bader ginsburg and a mass shooting at thousand oaks. our national nightmare is now moving at warp speed.

beautiful irony from the midterms:

nra darling karen handel loses to mom of gun violence victim.

baker discriminates against gay couple, now has gay governor.

scott walker's own law stops him from getting recount.

trump voter suppression guru kris kobach can't rig his state.

the movie elf was released 15 years ago today, and jeff sessions just happens to get fired on its anniversary. 

@danqdao 

wild that the two republicans who were the most prominent opponents of marijuana in the entire country share the same last name despite no relation and were ousted from dc in a 24-hour span. so long, jeff sessions and pete sessions. we'll smoke one for you when it becomes legal.

so let’s get this straight...

we all saw with our own eyes that jim acosta clearly did not assault that young woman today, yet the white house says he did. 

dr. christine blasey ford gave a credible account of brett kavanaugh assaulting her, yet the white house says he didn’t.

founding father: each state always has two senators.

time traveler: always?

ff: always!

tt: california has --

ff: the spanish colony?

tt: it's a state now.

ff: i see.

tt: california has 70 times more people than wyoming, another state.

[the founding father faints.]

@drlostcauses trumpers say stuff like, sure his trade war cost me my farm but it’s what’s best for america… or, i am still unemployed but he just needs a few more years to find me a job. i am paraphrasing actual quote. it’s nuts.

the most frustrating thing about republicans doing so well in rural areas is that those places are often subsidized by the big blue cities and states many rural voters seem to hate.

oh, florida. https://t.co/hshijexqxd

oh, texas. https://t.co/yvljwtmfdw

susan collins is “concerned” but will do nothing part 237,459. 

now that the 2018 election is over,  time to figure out who is going to retire her in 2020. https://t.co/rodb2nyqrb

@bessbell @katiehill4ca katie ran an amazing campaign that people across the country took notice of. everyone who played a role in it should be proud.

house oversight committee democrats should investigate members of donald trump’s cabinet. some suggestions:

ben carson
betsy devos
kirstjen nielsen
ryan zinke
wilbur ross

if you can’t impeach trump, take down his team while exposing white house corruption and incompetence.

@conradkaz great point. a crazy development considering sessions was his first senate supporter and helped mold a lot of his ideology. crazy that republicans continue to be loyal to someone they know will backstab them eventually.

@clintsmithiii this tweet is the monument that needs to replace him. legendary.

part of this jeff sessions mess that isn't being talked about is that republicans lost a senate seat in deep-red alabama because of this decision. really blew up in their faces. with the gop picking up a few senate seats, that looks pretty big right about now.

@goldengateblond in the end, not even their shared love of racism was enough to make it work. https://t.co/trch8qabsz

jeff sessions can now retire from politics and enjoy his dream job of serving as a garden gnome outside kkk headquarters.

@canadawatching he got asked to resign, got fired, whatever, that’s not the important part here. protecting mueller is.

jeff sessions has already resigned as ag. that escalated quickly. we need to be very vocal in protecting robert mueller and the special counsel. especially with matthew whitaker and not rod rosenstein replacing sessions as acting ag.

@redistrict colin allred is going places! perhaps a future texas governor or us senator. he honestly could be the next beto here in tx.

a white house aide can't try to forcefully rip a microphone from a reporter just for asking a question the president didn't like. this isn't some banana republic where journalists like jim acosta are silenced for not being baghdad bobs.

if you're looking for more insight into the democratic party consider subscribing to my newsletter, @theleft. working hard to keep liberals informed with a fast, straightforward read where facts matter.

subscribe here (100% free): https://t.co/xtur37ohlv

@gaywonk “asymmetrical polarization” is a great term to sum up how conservatives have successfully pulled our country to the right over the past 25 years.

@aynrandpaulryan what!? okay!!

@hoarsewisperer two peas in a pod.

one of the most ridiculous claims trump and republicans consistently make is that we need to “rebuild our military.” the us military is better funded than the next 10 countries combined. we need to scale back that funding to properly fund healthcare, education and infrastructure.

@jaketapper https://t.co/ffbrfyiiwa

regardless of what the pathological liar in the oval office says, “suppression polls” are not an actual thing.

trump just told a whopper of a lie. 

he said that if hillary clinton continued on the obama economic trajectory, numbers would be down. 

obama’s last 21 months created more jobs than trump’s first 21 months. 

that’s a fact. go to the bureau of labor statistics and look it up.

@aynrandpaulryan that was a level up from even brett kavanaugh angry!

jim acosta is a god damn national treasure for standing up to donald trump on his racist “migrant caravan” strategy, and not backing down when trump tried to silence him. peter alexander, too, for picking up where acosta left off. the president completely melted down there.

@mikesheaap i really don’t agree with that. you had progressives do well in places they shouldn’t have and win quite a few races where they had never won before. maybe moderate dems did well because there are no moderate republicans left in the house? senate dem centrists kinda got crushed.

@mikesheaap colin allred and beto o’rourke did amazingly well on that message in texas. my gut is that it resonated pretty well around the country but i would like to see a geographical breakdown too.

shocking to see a sitting president shaming defeated candidates from his own party for not embracing him hard enough. he acted like he was at a comedy central roast. there has never been a human being as petty as donald j. trump.
https://t.co/irfyag6zcp

donald trump claims “republicans had a dramatic fundraising disadvantage driven by democrats’ wealthy donors and special interests.” that’s dead wrong. a great deal of the party refused pac money and small donors were the actual key here.

one thing all liberals should celebrate today: last night we put the final nail in the coffin of the paul ryan, reince priebus and scott walker era of wisconsin conservatism. time to get back to progressive politics there.

here mitch mcconnell goes again with his “presidential harassment” nonsense. democrats simply want oversight. the only "presidential harassment" going on is donald trump spewing dangerous rhetoric about his political opponents to the point he incites domestic terrorism. https://t.co/zgjmjhnd1j

76% of georgia white women voting for brian kemp over stacey abrams is so depressing. had the choice to elect a virtuous woman and overwhelmingly picked a vile man instead.

scott walker can no longer screw over the poor, the sick, women, people of color, unions, students, the lgbtq community, humans who breathe air... well, basically anybody who lives in wisconsin.

you really see the damage of gop gerrymandering when democrats win the national popular vote by 7 freakin' points and end up only winning the house of representatives by 25-30 seats. with fair maps, it's a much bigger wave.

these kinds of takes tend to piss some people off, but whatever. i honestly believe the current gop is so treacherous that all non-right-wingers have to band together to stop them wherever possible. apparently, many green party voters disagree.

@mexican_liberal dropped out very late.

looks like democrat kyrsten sinema could lose the az senate race by fewer votes than the green party candidate received. it's a pattern: greens play spoiler and end up helping the gop. this was not the time for third-party folks to make a protest vote. trump is way too dangerous.

sounds like will hurd did actually barely beat gina ortiz jones now. what a mess. has a vote-counting error ever gone democrats way? https://t.co/j3uiivuzwu

dennis hof overwhelmingly won a nevada state assembly race. conservatives would rather vote for a dead pimp than a democrat. you can't even parody right-wing america at this point. they are killing political comedy.

if what appears to be a gina ortiz jones miracle comeback win holds, tx-7, tx-23 and tx-32 will have all flipped blue. effing incredible night for texas democrats.

democrat tony evers is the new governor of wisconsin! scott walker might want to freshen up that resume because he is going back to the private sector.

yes! jacky rosen has flipped dean heller’s seat blue in nevada, the first senate flip for democrats of the night. about. damn. time.

joe cunningham pulling off the upset in #sc01 is a huge get for democrats. @fivethirtyeight gave him a 1 in 10 chance of winning.

'in a civilized nation, the machinery of democracy should work for everyone everywhere, not just in certain places, and not just on a certain day." - stacey abrams, forcefully taking on brian kemp's voter suppression as votes are still being counted in ga. https://t.co/zalfmlkocq

it looks like scott walker might lose to tony evers. don’t go to bed or you might miss the best schadenfreude of the midterm elections.

bad news: that benedict arnold devin nunes won his re-election bid.

good news: nunes lost his house intel committee chair to adam schiff.

hard to believe that republicans re-elected chris collins and steve king. imagine having so much fear and hatred inside of you that you're willing to vote for morally bankrupt politicians like these guys just because they have rs by their names.

wendy davis got a fair amount of hype in her 2014 gubernatorial race against greg abbott. lost by 20%. four years later, beto o’rourke is going to lose a statewide race by just 3%. democrats are changing texas. fell short tonight, but we can take down senator john cornyn in 2020.

actually nancy pelosi said “drain the swamp” back in 2006. ronald reagan used the phrase too. if anybody stole it, it was trump. https://t.co/rgjiviw7kd

claire mccaskill and heidi heitkamp deserve huge props even in defeat. they both voted against brett kavanaugh knowing that in red states it could cost them their jobs. they did it because believing dr. ford was the right thing to do. better to lose a race than your soul.

@elizabethethorp @davidafrench the only answer. 👏👏👏

imagine if the 1.4 million former felons who are now legal voters after amendment 4 passed hadn't been suppressed by the gop this election. 

andrew gillum would've given a victory speech, not a concession one. the fight in florida isn't over. dems will beat trump there in 2020.

antonio delgado's win in a red district is a direct rebuke of trumpism. conservatives tried to swiftboat a brilliant candidate with racist smears and the voters of #ny19 saw through it. https://t.co/7jqbv6mpey

remember when dave brat tried to tell inmates he had it harder than them because political money was being spent against him? well, he can add losing to to his little sob story. democrat abigail spanbeger has flipped #va07!

barbara lee needs to have a house leadership position. give her joe crowley’s spot. her powerful voice deserves a larger role.

@valsantosonair kind of ranty but hope it helps!

@valsantosonair dems won back the house and are doing well in governor races. we’ll get trump’s taxes, maybe impeachment in house. congressional maps for 2020s will be much fairer. senate map looks better in 2020. just a bad map. tonight could’ve been better but could’ve been much worse.

https://t.co/fo05qactpy

one person who will not sleep tonight is donald trump. house democrats are now liam neeson in taken and trump's tax returns are neeson's daughter.

democrats have officially won back house majority. the resistance did it! sorry, donald trump, but you can consider your legislative agenda dead.

ex-nfl player colin allred has knocked off 11-term republican congressman and house rules committee chair pete sessions in #tx32. this is such a gigantic win for both the democratic party and texas liberals. if you want to know who could be the next beto in tx, this is the guy.

beto o’rourke lost a close race tonight, but this is just the beginning. george h.w. bush lost two texas senate races and went on to become president. beto has also changed tx politics forever. when it eventually turns blue, we’ll look back at this campaign as where it all began.

clarification: there is an openly bisexual governor, kate brown of oregon.

and laura kelly just upset trump stooge and voter suppression machine kris kobach in the kansas governor race. kansas went blue tonight!

there has never been a native american woman in congress. until now. sharice davids has busted through that glass ceiling, winning #ks03. effing awesome!

even ann coulter is jumping on the ted cruz dogpile. this is glorious. https://t.co/5ewucvxwhf

democrat jared polis has won in colorado, making history as america's first openly gay governor. this is such a huge step for our country!

marsha blackburn ran an ad about the refugee caravan that was straight up racist. hope that decision haunts her entire senate career.

and by closer to a dem majority i’m talking more about 2020 than tonight, because keeping the senate close is probably all we can hope for now.

do i like joe manchin? hell to the no. will never ever ever ever forget his kavanaugh vote. that said, he keeps democrats one step closer to a senate majority, so him winning is good news.

@samswey it's reason to celebrate and reason to be furious about past elections.

trying to ignore how depressing it is that amy mcgrath and joe donnelly lost and focus on how shockingly encouraging texas polls are for democrats.

@davidklion he was an incredibly obvious 2016 running mate, too. ugh.

sherrod brown winning so easily won't be a story, but it should be. republicans swore they had a great shot at winning this senate race after trump won ohio. they got smoked.

ugh. as if one pence in dc wasn't already bad enough, greg pence just won a house seat in indiana.

democrats have already flipped a house seat blue. jennifer wexton beats barbara comstock in virginia. comstock was awful. good riddance! #va10

@majorphilebrity nobody said such a thing. in fact, i regularly call black women the backbone of the democratic party because they are just that. i’m a big beyoncé fan and appreciate all she does, but the timing was not awesome. maybe the campaign didn’t coordinate well. who knows?

america's stepdad tim kaine just kept confederate fanboy corey stewart from joining the senate, so i guess that's some pretty decent news.

@mikel_jollett the needle and the damage done https://t.co/jpmjlihvty

gop senate candidate and secretary of state brian kemp has made sure georgia's voting process is so shitty that when he tried to vote even his own voter card said "invalid." https://t.co/id4njizmhl

@kendallybrown @khushbuoshea @guardian this man is all of our grandpas. a true national treasure.

@jessica32628873 i’ll watch them and pod saves america. even fox. i hop around.

consuming live election results via cable news is like opening christmas presents and awaiting a sentence from a judge at the same time. what a manic experience.

@fiercerobert indeed in most cases. she’s from houston, and i think her endorsement would’ve really helped there.

fox news just called missouri ag and senate candidate josh hawley “jeff hawley.” good to see that they brought their a game to election night. https://t.co/kgiobt6st0

@xo_bb_xo if she gets people there in the final two hours, i’ll take it!

really appreciate beyonce endorsing beto o’rourke... but wouldn’t this have been much more powerful at this time yesterday? she usually nails her surprise announcements, too.

@amyvernon @kamalaharris absolutely. would like to see them both and many others run. have a contested primary and let the people decide which dem stands out.

trump made this election about him. he’s an egomaniac with no discipline. have a gut feeling that’s going to cost him dearly tonight.

@daveweigel ugh. hate exit polls, but this comparison is irresistible.

@samstein don’t blame them. many of us democrats didn’t sleep a wink and stayed up all night soul-searching. do not want to go back to that dark place.

@cruellaisdevine @pizzatothepolls thanks for sharing! i donated and y’all should too if you can afford to. even one pizza helps.

if you are standing in line to vote at the polls before they close at 6 or 7 pm, do not get out of line under any circumstance. regardless of your state, you have the legal right to vote. people might try to tell you to get out of line. do not budge an inch. #stayinline

@mattyglesias i will gladly stuff my face with crow should that happen.

hearing some voters in kansas (i went to college there) who always vote for republicans aren't voting for kris kobach. it's anecdotal, so take it with a grain of salt, but it also sounds like it's happening quite a bit.

tonight is the night we finally kick establishment republican pete sessions out of congress after 11 terms. colin allred is going to win this one if democrats close strong. let's do this, dallas. #tx32

i’m not just some “coastal liberal” either. i was born in kansas city and raised in springfield. my family lives there. i care about missouri and want to see it make the right choice today.

josh hawley allowed his ag office to be run by out-of-state consultants and the nra spent more on him than any other candidate. 

if missouri elects him to the us senate, they won’t be draining the swamp, they’ll be filling it with radioactive slime. 

vote for claire mccaskill!

@shaunking @staceyabrams we have to want this election more, because there are two opponents: brian kemp and voter suppression.

@jordanuhl and what about non-english speakers? especially in florida after hurricane maria caused many puerto ricans to relocate, or in beto’s hometown of el paso.

@zacharybest how about believe and vote?! you need to have faith to take action, you have to take the action to make sure the faith was well-founded.

similar to not being able to fully detect trump’s momentum in 2016, polls are likely not capturing many young, new and inconsistent voters who will show up to vote blue. expecting +40 house gain for dems while they kill it in governor races and overperform in the senate. believe!

if you have conservative family call them today and say this: 

“right before you cast your vote, think about the parkland kids.” 

remind them that voting for republicans is a conscious choice not to address gun violence in america.

if beto o’rourke loses: he’ll still be arguably the most popular young democrat alive who could run for president in 2020.

if ted cruz loses: his political career is over and he’ll be remembered for inspiring bipartisan hatred and letting trump insult his wife’s looks.

i woke up and my girlfriend was drinking out of a brand new mug for #electionday. this is when you know you have a keeper. https://t.co/ncmelgvmwo

the best things in life are free:

* taking a stroll through the park.
* curling up next to a crackling fire.
* watching the stars on a clear night.
* casting a vote against a republican.

the graceful, progressive campaigns of andrew gillum and stacey abrams have revealed a blueprint for defeating trumpism moving forward. even in red states, democrats don’t need to cling to the center, or run from diversity, or get down in the mud with republicans.

@jimcarrey @tedcruz here to watch conservatives get triggered and show fake outrage over something that’s actually a trump line... https://t.co/uwteqjv5au

@briankempga you are going down just like ed gillespie and his similarly trumpy campaign went down last year. the history books will remember you as a racist vote suppression machine, if they remember you at all.

election extra credit: whether it’s giving them rides, paying for uber or taxis, or just staying on their asses nonstop, make sure those busy/lazy/apathetic/overconfident liberals you know vote. we didn’t get enough of these people out in 2016.

election homework: less than a day left before polls start to close. reach out to independents and center-right voters you know. make a passionate plea for them to vote democrat this time. most reasonable people will consider it, perhaps just to slow down the rollercoaster.

ok. i'm done. i swear. this was a good distraction to avoid having a panic attack waiting for election day. 

me voting in 2016 vs. me voting in 2018 https://t.co/uzqm62lnos

@shahooster that's unfair to meth.

@mikel_jollett thought this meme was appropriate here... https://t.co/fr0dggmzhg

me voting in 2016 vs. me voting in 2018 https://t.co/jyouvccsas

me voting in 2016 vs. me voting in 2018 https://t.co/7e3ntidstk

@sirdukedevin exactly right. they dismissed john mccain‘s service because he wouldn’t join their cult.

infuriating to watch conservatives make a bigger deal out of ariana grande’s ex making a bad joke about a vet than the president of the united states continuing to incite domestic terrorism with inflammatory words after bombs have been sent to critics and a synagogue got shot up.

@aaronblake trump also didn’t inherit a recession.

@bjulie555 hopefully, a pink wave will hand her a pink slip for her radical fight to take away a woman's right to choose.

republican gov. kim reynolds is holding her last campaign rally with rep. steve king, whose brand of white nationalism has become so radioactive that prominent conservatives are condemning him. what kind of a closing message does this send to iowa and the nation?

if you like no-bullshit takes on politics, check out our daily email newsletter, @theleft. an easy way for liberals and progressives to stay caught up with a small time investment. 

subscribe here (it's free): https://t.co/xtur37ohlv

this is the argument to make with swing voters regarding gun violence: we have a generation of kids that have to go to school fearing they'll be shot. the nra exclusively gives to one party because only the gop is willing to look the other way.

@katrinahagen2 they have definitely had some financial problems compared to the past but i also think they try to manipulate their supporters with that stuff.

in indiana, missouri and tennessee, the nra is trying to buy itself some new senators. there's really no other way to explain it spending well over a million on republican candidates josh hawley, marsha blackburn and mike braun.

the nra has spent very little money supporting florida republicans this cycle and none on senate candidate rick scott. the parkland activists have totally stripped the gun lobby of their power in a state they have previously owned. significant.

what the nra spent supporting republicans and attacking democrats in competitive senate races...

mo: $1,363,000
tn: $1,252,000
in: $1,249,000
mt: $581,000
wv: $467,000
az: $211,000
wi: $146,000
tx: $79,000
nv: $69,000

a vote for the gop is a vote for the nra.

the president's campaign ad is so racist that even his white nationalist propaganda machine wants nothing to do with it. https://t.co/qux9tyr4hy

the republican party bans muslims, suppresses black voters, wants to end birthright citizenship, attacks women’s rights and is trying to erase trans people. the gop is waging a war on civil rights.

vote like the authoritarian president is a racist sexual predator who colluded with russia and won't show his taxes and violates the emoluments clause and incites nazi terrorism but the gop is complicit and the media is distracted so it's up to us to save the god damn country.

@sarahcpr creativity is not exactly their bag.

@tyler_tortoise ok, who wrote that on mitch mcconnell?

@beingbeauharris i've been mostly calling for house candidates and of course the old https://t.co/yvc8wt7jym but wanted to get some canvassing in this weekend. always important to pound the pavement, motivate folks face to face. thanks for the work you do, brother. you've been busting your ass.

@nancytabak haha. no worries. sleepless pre-election nights lead to broken sarcasm detectors!

repeat after me:
the election is about healthcare
the election is about healthcare
the election is about healthcare
the election is about healthcare
the election is about healthcare
the election is about healthcare
the election is about healthcare
the election is about healthcare

@nancytabak uhhh... it's a cardboard cutout of beto in the austin office. it's not photoshopped.

the troops enlisted in the armed services to protect their country, not to protect the republican majority in congress.

trump sending soldiers to the border as a political stunt shows that he is the one with no respect for the military.

@business @bopinion i’ve actually seen in numerous places that it will be a $9b surplus. we sure the 6 number is up to date? good point regardless.

volunteered for beto this afternoon. good times. everyone seemed to be feeling good about his chances.  https://t.co/meknhsu7iq

the way brian kemp and kris kobach have used their secretary of state, basically chief election officer, positions to try to suppress their way into governors mansions should be illegal. huge conflict of interest.

let’s put things in perspective:

less than 1,000 refugees fleeing hardships to legally seek asylum will make it to the us months from now.

more than 100 million people with pre-existing conditions will no longer be protected if the gop wins.

today we set our clocks back an hour for #daylightsavings.

tuesday conservatives will try to set america back decades by electing more republicans.

vote like your future depends on it.

this election cycle, the nra has spent $1.1 million attacking joe donnelly.

just last week, it spent $195,248 attacking phil bredesen and $170,951 attacking claire mccaskill.

democrats want to do something about the gun violence epidemic so the nra is spending big to stop them.

this sums up ted cruz, and his lack of a spine, quite well... https://t.co/dya07ktwby

obama era: republicans don’t care about pre-existing conditions and pretend to care about the deficit.

trump era: republicans don’t care about the deficit and pretend to care about pre-existing conditions.

democratic governor candidates in toss-up races need to win to ensure fair house maps after 2020's census:

@fredhubbell, ia
@richcordray, oh
@senatorkelly, ks
@staceyabrams, ga
@stevesisolak, nv
@tony4wi, wi

maps are redrawn once a decade. we've been waiting 10 years for this.

lucy mcbath not only has a shot to win in #ga06, she might now be the favorite heading into election day. karen handel is a trump puppet and her winning that special election still stings. help @lucywins2018 if you can (donate/volunteer). https://t.co/4nqsmwadop

remember "fired up, ready to go?" most of the media isn't reporting this because they focus almost exclusively on trump's crazy shenanigans, but on a grassroots level, the left's energy feels a lot like 2008. https://t.co/qdypb28rwm

a poll released today has beto o'rourke tied with ted cruz. we have 3 days left to close out strong and shock the nation. honestly believe pollsters are underestimating both the blue wave and young voter surge in tx because both have never happened before. https://t.co/jryot0oins

this racist right-wing robocall from georgia imitating oprah to smear stacey abrams is abhorrent. disgraceful that in 2018 conservative america is still using the bigoted strategies of the george wallaces and lee atwaters. https://t.co/ml0zdch5qg

harry truman said "the buck stops here" about the executive branch.

with donald trump it is now "the buck stops anywhere but here.”

elect democrats who will check the president, because he refuses to hold himself accountable and the gop lets him get away with whatever he wants.

iowa gov. kim reynolds budget priorities are out of whack. she keeps slashing education funding to pay for corporate giveaways and tax cuts for the 1%. iowa student loan debt has increased a whopping 28% during her time in office. https://t.co/07oukjqgpm

@sbvicby @theleft judging by past turnout numbers they are the people we need to keep engaged, though. also, a majority of non-voters have left-leaning ideologies but are apathetic. a big part of our mission is to keep people in the daily fight and recruit more to join us.

@liverpotlian yes. austin metro area extends into two other counties (hays and williamson), but most of it is in travis.

travis county, tx had 372,388 early voters. that's slightly more than 2016, a freakin' presidential election, and over 2.5 times the last midterm turnout. austin is bringing it for beto.

every weekday i provide information like this in our email newsletter for liberals/progressives -- @theleft. it's 100% free and a quick way to stay informed. subscribe here: https://t.co/xtur37ohlv

@syrmavir exactly. he knows what he’s doing. i’ve never heard anybody say “barack h. obama.”

if you ever wondered what having a president david duke would be like, this week you got your answer. https://t.co/yhcxfijg4h

nra donations to gop senate candidates this cycle:

hawley, mo: $696k
blackburn, tn: $633k
morrisey, wv: $252k
braun, in: $149k
mcsally, az: $118k
vukmir, wi: $86k
heller, nv: $46k
cruz, tx: $45k
james, mi: $31k

this is why republicans don’t do anything to stop gun violence.

breaking news: michael cohen says donald trump is racist.

is basically the same thing as...

breaking news: michael cohen says water is wet.

trump: only republicans protect pre-existing conditions.

gop: what he said.

fact-checker: you tried to kill those protections 50+ times.

trump: look, a migrant invasion!

gop: what he said.

fact-checker: it‘s a small group of mostly women &amp; kids that won’t be here for months.

nobody in politics talks about the working class as well as sherrod brown does. a terrific ad reminding voters that democrats are the ones fighting for a higher minimum wage, overtime pay and healthcare, not the gop. https://t.co/wss6qwsvel

@kritims1 @theswprincess thanks for sharing and appreciate you reading! if you ever want to find something from the newsletter, our archive is here. https://t.co/leyymv84cu

a tale of two presidents

part i: obama soothes the nation by singing "amazing grace" after the charleston church shooting.

part ii: trump whines about gop election momentum being interrupted by the pittsburgh synagogue shooting. https://t.co/v83jfggtzz

gop closing argument: a caravan of 3,500 refugees 1,000 miles away from the us is our biggest crisis.

dem closing argument: 102 million people with pre-existing conditions will lose coverage or pay huge premiums if gop wins.

c’mon, america. this election isn’t a hard decision.

@bantorture at this point what’s the difference?

ted cruz is now doing his best alex jones impersonation. he’s floating a wild conspiracy theory: beto o’rourke is paying for the refugee caravan with campaign funds. no facts to back it up either. this kind of bigoted, dishonest smear proves cruz is desperate. vote him out! https://t.co/b6ha3pzocb

michele bachmann says “pray for the crown prince.” wrong. more like pray for jamal khashoggi’s family, yemen and all the other victims of mohammed bin salman.

every weekday i write a short article for @theleft email newsletter.

yesterday: proving democrats are better for the economy.

today: how texas dems are starting to turn tx blue.

if you like my tweets, it’s like that but longer. subscribe for free here: https://t.co/tonea2hlct

@eden_eats best: indian food sounds good.

democrat colin allred is one of the most impressive candidates running this cycle. if he doesn’t beat a corrupt gop hack like pete sessions our system is truly broken. gotta win this one! #tx32 https://t.co/1vkzwo3ss0

@askjillian my mom defeated it and so will you!  know a badass cancer beater when i see one. stay strong. you got this.

don't know about you guys, but i'm not tweeting about anything but politics until after the election. don't care if elon musk helps rihanna do a concert in outer space featuring a thousand astronaut puppies. tunnel vision, baby.

@arthuratkinson0 it does in instances where they only need 51, but unfortunately, dems picking up one senate seat would be a minor miracle, so picking up two or three with this map might be impossible.

@allspinzone never know. he might pass out from a diet coke overdose and tweet exhaustion.

[trump's bedroom. 5 am, nov. 7.]

dt: tell me.
aide: dems overperformed. the senate is tied.
dt: what!?
aide: that's the good news.
dt: the bad!?
aide: we lost the house by 40 seats.
dt: no! america is supposed to be more racist than this!

get out the vote. make this come true.

@nickriccardi the trump white house directly trafficked in unabashed racism to make democrats look weak or whatever and these morons didn't even bother to fact check and figure out that this happened on the gop's watch. as dumb as they are deplorable.

@starrizborn @4mericanpsych0 i do try to "be" best. the bots and trolls like to call me "worst," though. they are very creative.

@krislytle yup. straight ticket. although unfortunately i do not think he‘s very likely to win.

@andrewfmoregon @velmajo03716611 and texas has two terrible ones!

just voted for beto o’rourke, justin nelson and kim olson. god damn it feels good to be a texas liberal casting votes for statewide democrats who might actually win.

@yashar @brianstelter hmm. personally, i don’t feel like it is conceding that the refugees are a threat, but instead pointing out that the smear is more asinine when you consider geography. also think it’s effective with swing voters. showed it to my conservative-ish dad and he kinda rethought things.

i don’t want oprah to run in 2020. we’ve tried the whole celeb thing. i want her to spend about three months traveling the country campaigning for democrats. she’s a hell of a closer.

trump will regret sending 15k soldiers to the border, because it’s november and the war on christmas is here. there won’t be enough troops to fight in it. starbucks will use “happy holidays” cups and people won’t say “merry christmas” every few seconds. how will america survive?!

@mmpadellan also, following instructions during an eclipse!

gop iowa gov. kim reynolds is sticking with nazi-sympathizer steve king, a co-chair for her campaign. support her opponent, democrat @fredhubbell. polls show a tight race he can win. let republicans know that abetting white extremism will not be tolerated. https://t.co/u1wzemxypb

this is not hyperbole. outside of lisa murkowski, a handful of house members and a few governors, pretty much every single republican follows trump’s lead. the ben sasses talk a big game, but ultimately fall in line.

@jc5502 right. trump didn’t hijack the party. they created a monster they not only can’t control, but now the monster controls them.

donald trump’s willie horton-style ad once again proves that he’s a racist.

here’s the thing: if you’re in the gop, he owns your ass.  trump says “jump,” they say “how high?” they are scared to death of him. 

so any vote for any republican is a vote for trump and his racism.

this meme needs to go more viral than anything has ever gone viral. https://t.co/dk6xq4m4hq

cnn's jeffrey toobin annihilates republican kris kobach over his history of voter suppression: "kris has devoted his career to stopping black people and poor people from voting." and "your problem is some people vote for democrats, and you want to stop that." savage. but true. https://t.co/hkhokgmixs

after the gop tax scam, corporations spent 100 times more on stock buybacks than they did on worker bonuses and wage increases. trump can rage against “elites” and pander to “the forgotten men and women,” but it’s clear republicans are helping the former and screwing the latter.

lauren underwood has a solid chance of flipping #il14 from red to blue. these are the kinds of races democrats need to win to make this a huge wave election. let’s help lauren finish strong. she’s got this if we have her back. https://t.co/ncflmhsgj2

the charlie kirk meltdown.

jacob wohl’s desperate robert mueller smear.

tomi lahren and candace owens are beefing again.

if you think maga twitter is panicking now, just wait until the election results start coming in.

many on the right are bailing on rep. steve king due to his racist actions. not ted cruz. he personally called king today and offered his support. with hate crimes on the rise, texas needs a senator who won’t buddy up to white nationalists.

@keithboykin next wednesday is going to be a panic attack when he sees the election returns.

immigrants didn't shoot up a synagogue.

immigrants didn't send democrats bombs.

immigrants didn't kill innocent black people in ky.

donald trump inciting domestic terrorism and white extremism is what's making america unsafe, not the us-mexican border.

@samstein project veritas is good, but they are no surefire intelligence.

forget what retired nevada senator harry reid said in 1993, here's what current nv senator dean heller said in 2017: 

"i cannot support a piece of legislation that takes insurance away from tens of millions of americans."

that was a lie. he ended up supporting the legislation. https://t.co/sxmmx0kjwl

what’s next, republicans using old black-and-white footage of hubert humphrey to make a point? radio clips of fdr? it’s laughable. let’s talk about today.

we’re really talking about some shit harry reid said 25 years ago? that doesn’t matter. this election is about current democrat policies vs. current republican policies. trump and the gop don’t want to have that debate. they know their policies are terrible for most americans.

beating steve king would send a message to republicans that supporting white supremacy will cost you your job even in a ruby-red district. let’s work our asses off for @scholten4iowa and make that happen.

@jimcarrey republicans created this monster with decades of lies and prejudice and now they can’t and won’t stop him.

217 house republicans voted to kill the aca and its pre-existing condition protections and then celebrated afterward in the rose garden. they were downright giddy about screwing over sick and poor people. https://t.co/tsm9ivfc3x

oprah winfrey is coming to georgia to door-knock for stacey abrams on thursday while brian kemp will be stuck campaigning with mike pence. it’s like getting a bag full of candy for trick or treat versus a box of raisins.

@mikel_jollett @betoorourke @joncoopertweets if politics were nba jam, beto would always be on fire. 🔥🔥🔥

trump’s america gets blasted by sully, a national hero. our jackass president will probably fire back, “i like pilots who don’t crash.” https://t.co/t3tbc1sy4n

donald trump's racism is so subtle it totally makes sense that it could fool even a genius like kanye this whole time. https://t.co/90naxgcfhz

@wajahatali totally. that war criminal guy who let dick cheney call the shots and plunged us into recession never even existed. silly liberals.

nfl players kneeling during the national anthem to peacefully protest social injustice isn't disrespecting the military. 

trump sending 5k soldiers to the border -- the number of us troops still in iraq -- to prop up a racist election strategy is disrespecting the military.

@wajahatali this is a really good point. and as we saw with the bush era, republicans excel at quickly shedding baggage and reinventing themselves. ugh.

paul ryan wore his vertebrate costume today. after halloween he will ditch the backbone and revert back to his normal invertebrate form.

one week until democrats take the speaker of the house position away from paul ryan and the gop. let's finish strong and make it a reality.

@freedarko yes, he helped give the world sarah palin and that's terrible. but someone like schmidt might swing some undecided voters. a lifelong conservative putting the gop on blast probably carries more weight to much of the country than someone who leans left, unfortunately.

when jacob wohl rejoins the free world in a decade he’ll have a nixon tattoo and dress like a batman villain.

feel like jacob wohl needs a mentor. perhaps roger stone can teach this kid how to be a better ratfucker when they both get sent to prison.

@arictoler using the headshot of *checks notes* two-time oscar winner christoph waltz for your fake employee is a great way to be inconspicuous.

@chrissyteigen jacob wohl one gif... https://t.co/vssochjdgh

@chick_in_kiev are we living in a coen brothers movie?

@adamserwer genius bad puns require no apology.

jacob wohl couldn’t even convince twitter that he went to hipster coffee shops, yet he thought he could bring down robert mueller with a fake scandal. even trump’s fanboys are hilariously bad at crime.

@timfernholz this can’t possibly be true. trump told us he drained the swamp.

@medwoman1 a recent poll showed that 40% or so of texas voters won’t even vote for ag because they don’t know enough about the race.

texas attorney general ken paxton is not only an indicted crook, but tx ags sued the obama admin 48 times. electing democrat justin nelson would eliminate this practice when a democratic president hopefully takes over in 2021. doesn’t get lots of press, but this race is crucial.

@persister4ever as of late, she doesn't, but it's super close.

@d1vinman that is sickening. what the hell is wrong with some people? these are refugees legally seeking asylum.

the house gop played rocky music to get pumped about trying to kill the aca and pre-existing condition protections.

az senate candidate martha mcsally was so excited to take healthcare from millions she shouted: “let’s get this fucking thing done!”

startling lack of compassion.

@reluctantrangr @theleft ha. this is basically what her briefings are.

check out today's @theleft email newsletter to find out why i call sarah sanders the mouth of sauron, a nickname she has more than earned...

subscribe: https://t.co/xtur37ohlv  

read: https://t.co/reineeoszu

bigotry is all the gop has right now. the stock market is struggling. wages are flat. domestic terrorism is booming. they oppose protecting pre-existing conditions. they won't do anything about climate change or gun violence. so they go all in on fearmongering and intolerance.

trump is potentially making a huge mistake pushing xenophobia as his closing argument. every republican in my family voted for trump or didn't vote because, ugh, they didn't like hillary. she's not on the ballot. he's overestimating how much of the us is nationalist based on '16.

white nationalist steve king has been anti-birthright citizenship for a long time so this could also make the hole he is currently digging himself in iowa even worse. j.d. scholten legitimately now has a shot to win that house race.

trump threatening to end the 14th amendment as a racist election strategy will ignite his white, rural base, but it could hurt dean heller (nv), martha mcsally (az), rick scott and ron desantis (fl), and ted cruz (tx) given those states' latinx populations. watch this backfire.

republicans treat the constitution and the bible the same way. cherry-pick what they like and claim it's untouchable, dismiss whatever doesn't fit their agenda.

@ohnoshetwitnt @mikel_jollett even if trump could count that high, he wouldn’t have the patience or discipline to make it all the way to 14.

where are the “conservative constitutionalists” now that trump is threatening to get rid of the 14th amendment to end birthright citizenship? oh, i get it. they only like the constitution when it’s the second amendment or electoral college, not when it protects people of color.

come for the dunks, stay for the education. loving hasan minhaj’s @patriotact. channels his great standup comedy into a show about politics. https://t.co/ayt6wmukp1

a harvard poll shows 40% of the 18-29 age group plans to "definitely vote." in 2014 the same survey had that number at 26%. the pollsters expect this election to be the biggest midterm youth turnout since 1986. young voters, you're about to change the game!https://t.co/j1etesqimm

on the chris hayes show, steve schmidt unloaded on the "right-wing propaganda industry" radicalizing evil losers, compared it to isis. he also compared trump's migrant caravan lies to the reichstag fire lies that helped establish nazi germany. dude did not hold back. https://t.co/upnotvgwey

@lkbinnc @nelsonfortexas @lastweektonight also, scott pruitt is salivating somewhere.

@lkbinnc @nelsonfortexas @lastweektonight yeah, weird. but maybe it was a gift for a significant event or something?

gop texas ag ken paxton stole a dallas lawyer’s $1k pen from the metal detector at the same courthouse where he was indicted for felonies. this @nelsonfortexas ad shows him getting caught on a security cam, and was featured on the latest @lastweektonight. https://t.co/uijorxfbhv

@eclectablog jews for jesus makes about as much sense as lgbtq for pence.

less than 10% of congressional republicans -- 20 house members and 3 senators -- voted not to repeal obamacare. 

that means over 90% of the gop voted to get rid of pre-existing condition protections, while every single democrat voted to save them.

votes speak louder than lies.

seriously, if i were a refugee fleeing hardships i would not want to come to the us right now. that's very sad. we are a nation built by immigrants and to pretend we're anything but that is dishonest af.

if any of the asylum-seekers do make it to the us they should just head straight to canada given what republicans want to do to healthcare.

operation faithful patriot is clearly trump sending troops to the border to manufacture an october surprise and help republicans in the election. there is no invasion. the "caravan" is innocent refugees who won't be here for months if they make it at all. 13% of the last one did. https://t.co/hm1g3oazo3

@passantino shep smith needs to be given the last 5 minutes of fox &amp; friends, tucker, laura ingraham and hannity to fact-check all the lies.

one week left until the election. if you are feeling burned out, think of...

single moms with cancer who might lose preexisting condition protections.

migrant toddlers in detention camps whose parents have been deported.

teenagers who will get shot in the next school shooting.

not even one of the most violent weeks in american history will stop donald trump, kellyanne conway, sarah sanders and the rest of this white house from lying. they’d rather keep pushing their false narrative than tell the truth and potentially save lives. it’s perverse.

"the president has denounced racism, hatred and bigotry in all forms.” - sarah sanders

no he hasn’t. 

donald trump wouldn’t even denounce david duke or the nazis who killed heather heyer. he consistently weasels his way out of condemning racism. https://t.co/lxbdhu1ppe

sarah sanders: "the president is not placing blame."

bullshit. placing blame is donald trump’s entire platform.

@aaronabarksdale thank you, aaron. appreciate it 

fox news has gotten so ugly that even drudge feels the need to put them on blast. https://t.co/1952jryt3k

@kellyscaletta thank you. i have nothing against religion in people‘s personal lives, but what happened to separation of church and state? also, what is deeply offensive here is that she is using a massacre to make evangelical people feel like the actual victims.

here’s the video of kellyanne conway trying to blame the bloodshed on anti-religiosity and comedy. sick and tired of this white house always blaming the wrong people. (via @atrupar) https://t.co/psiu6mufaq

as a non-religious person who enjoys comedy kellyanne conway can kiss my ass. how about y’all blame anti-semites and white supremacists for domestic terrorism and not innocent people simply expressing their first amendment rights.

only donald trump would call the free press the “enemy of the people,” then send a warm congratulatory message to brazil’s new far-right authoritarian president in the next tweet. it’s a pattern: show good people animosity and bad people acceptance.

the libertarian party gets owned hard here and it is glorious. https://t.co/qgec8vmopl

also, be sure to subscribe to the podcast version of the daily news rundown, via the awesome @kimontheleft, if you prefer that to reading. amazing way to get a ton of news in entertaining fashion during a 10-15 minute drive or workout. https://t.co/se1imwp4qq

not only does @theleft daily email newsletter round up political news, it also includes an article from me. in monday's edition i take on trump for always blaming the wrong people and never blaming the right ones, including himself.

subscribe (it's free): https://t.co/xtur37ohlv

┏┓  
┃┃╱╲ in this
┃╱╱╲╲  house
╱╱╭╮╲╲ we
▔▏┗┛▕▔  do not
╱▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔╲
vote gop because their fake
populism is really plutocracy 
╱╱┏┳┓╭╮┏┳┓ ╲╲

it’s devastating that brazil elected jair bolsonaro, a far-right hatemonger, as its new president. sad moment for humankind and part of a disturbing pattern across the globe. we must keep fighting and believe that love will ultimately win out.

kanye west is making "blexit" merch to encourage a black exit from the democratic party. what he actually seems to be encouraging is acceptance of the republican party's decades-long racist effort to silence black voices via mass incarceration, voter suppression &amp; gerrymandering.

one of donald trump’s supporters sent tom steyer a bomb a few days ago. he’s not dialing down the attacks, he’s cranking them up. it’s despicable. https://t.co/4fit0trv92

@townoh thank you for your dedication and i hope better health days are ahead.

if you think you are too busy to volunteer for campaigns, will ferrell canvassed for stacey abrams this weekend. some people have second jobs or bad health and can’t, but the rest of us have no excuse. https://t.co/uk3yncejhy

at trump rallies, crowds often chant "lock her up" about hillary clinton and her unsecured emails while waiting for donald trump to speak. the irony here is during some of those moments trump is likely talking on an unsecured cell phone while china and russia listen in.

@its_whitney just when you think you can’t possibly like lebron anymore...

the magabomber. the kentucky murders. the pittsburgh mass shooting.

this week has shown us why we need to elect people like andrew gillum, beto o'rourke &amp; stacey abrams not like ron desantis, ted cruz &amp; brian kemp.

we need uniters not dividers, leaders who spread hope not fear.

scary that even after a week like this trump supporters still don’t want to tone down the hate. https://t.co/r0mhctmrbe

@angryblacklady you're right. lots of work to do. advocacy is a daily fight, especially for us who are insulated from the hate, but voting can be a part of the solution. if we had a democratic president and congress right now we might have an assault weapon ban and universal background checks.

@rickyd224 it wasn't *social justice warriors* but the indian community. they didn't previously interject because the group's lack of representation in entertainment meant they had no voice. the issue of always being portrayed as cab drivers or convenience store owners was a solid point.

the group we should be scared about isn't central american asylum seekers, it's crazed far-right militia members who are planning to head to the border with arms to stop innocent refugees. once again, trump rhetoric is inciting potential violence. https://t.co/iv4hevzdux

@thelovebel0w this is spot on. lump them into the basket of deplorables and they go nuts, but trump voters are the first ones to lump others into unfair baskets.

@pittsburghslim as i white dude i am not afraid to recognize that i benefit more than almost anybody else. that doesn't mean i don't have talent or worth, it just means society favors me. admitting that is the least we can do.

in our society, it's not uncommon for white men to get more credit than others for the work they do. 

american terrorism is the exact opposite. white men do the majority of the work and get no credit.

@rickyd224 apu is an outdated racist stereotype. hank azaria, who voices the character, even said we should listen to indian people on that one. as far as halloween goes, i could give a fuck what people wear as long as again it isn't racist. just this week megyn kelly said blackface was ok.

@saintjoe9999 nailed it. they operate out of fear and scarcity. if someone else gets something, they lose something. if another religion or movement has merit, it invalidates their beliefs. the world doesn’t work like that.

liberals don’t want people to say bigoted stuff or incite violence. other than that say whatever the hell you want and let the comedy rip. conservatives who clutch their pearls over the f word or a joke about eye makeup are actually much more ‘pc.’

this grotesque pittsburgh mass shooting is a hate crime. not only have republicans failed to do anything about the gun violence epidemic, they’ve failed to do anything about the spike in hate crimes since trump’s election. since the gop won’t take action, we will with our votes.

@laureennarro @katiehill4ca thank you and everyone else making sacrifices to help win this election! katie is fantastic. got to know her campaign through the vice series.

@margotbeezley another group that would want to keep their voting preference somewhat secret. thanks for your dedication!

anyway, take nothing for granted. progressives, liberals and left-leaning independents have to outwork the right over the last 10 or so days before the election. that's how we'll win. let's close this out strong.

these things give me hope: new voters, young voters &amp; people of color often aren't polled well. some suburban white women married to trump voters will likely vote democrat, not tell polls or their husbands. trump fatigue will encourage late-breakers to vote for opposition party.

most election projections and betting markets gave trump less than a 20% chance of winning at this point in 2016. democrats have about the same chance to win the senate. don't get discouraged or listen to polls. keep fighting. very possible the blue wave is being undercalculated.

#ks02 is a toss-up. let’s help paul davis bring it home. donate/volunteer here: https://t.co/yatv1xhmqb https://t.co/ofnzmmwxk4

@elen07154030 @audrey4congress, right? seems like a tough race but seems like she at least has a shot at winning.

now that the #magabomber has been arrested, let’s get back to the election.

what democratic house candidates are you focused on helping right now and why do you support them?

let me know. i’ll retweet some of the replies to help get the message out.

texas voting machines are switching votes when people vote straight party. double check your ballot. ugh. from voter id to voter suppression to gerrymandering to outdated machines, the state’s election process is the worst. by gop design.https://t.co/nzpglv3x1p

remember that time bernie sanders said that the second amendment people can do something about hillary clinton? of course you don’t because that was donald trump, the only politician who encouraged supporters to use weapons against opponents. https://t.co/qo2bxekk47

@socflyny as long as it doesn’t distract too much from the issues, i think some democrats should definitely say donald trump has divided the country and his rhetoric and behavior have proven to be dangerous, so elect me to put a check on him before this gets more out of control.

terrorism - noun
ter·ror·ism

: the systematic use of terror especially as a means of coercion

conservatives, it might shock you but there’s nothing about having to be done by a muslim in there. far-right and/or white supremacist acts of terror are terrorism. period.

@jeffreytoobin @usps the usps is also an example of socialism working well. its not perfect, but if our entire government worked as well as the usps does, we’d be in a much better place.

switched over to fox news and within the first three seconds someone already said “lone wolf” about the #magabomber. can you sprain your eyes from rolling them too hard?

since the news is horrible (shocker!) take a mental health break and check out this actual fox hugging a stuffed animal fox. https://t.co/i6xhav2f1m

@daveweigel this sucks. i subscribed because it was the only place i could find chungking express. ended up being a great place to go to get the criterion collection without having to buy all the titles.

realize that right-wingers often like to make arguments without any evidence, but this is taking that too far. https://t.co/bt3almf6vi

@jrf98626 @sherry_bath russia and china heard that because you called on an unsecured phone.

@kevinmkruse they are actually still rolling with the false flag claims. sheesh.

when someone tries to argue that trump supporters aren't a cult, send them back the bomber's magamobile as exhibit a.

@shaunking @andrewgillum right-wingers are scared to death of andrew gillum because they know he has a powerful voice that is going to change florida and possibly all of america one day.

"be careful what you wish for max!"

can't stop thinking about these seven words trump tweeted to maxine waters. makes me sick to my stomach.

right-wing america will spin this as an isolated incident but it is definitely not so don’t let them get away with it.

cesar sayoc, aka the #magabomber, isn’t an anomaly. there’s a pattern of violence committed by men radicalized by trump rhetoric. the maga movement has been told america belongs to them and those who disagree are enemies of the state. this message inspires homegrown terrorism.

cesar sayoc was driving around in a silence of the lambs van that had crosshairs over barack obama, hillary clinton, jill stein, michael moore, van jones, etc. and nobody thought that was suspicious??? https://t.co/igtspawqjg

@ohnoshetwitnt tobin and squi can back that up.

10:19 am: donald trump implies the “bomb stuff” is a liberal hoax.

less than an hour later: the shockingly predictable magabomber is a middle-aged man who gets arrested in plantation, florida of all places driving a creepy van plastered with right-wing stickers.

incredible.

trump: why is the media focused on this bomb stuff?

aide: the fbi keeps finding explosive devices, sir.

trump: fake news! they should talk about my middle-class tax cut.

aide: mr. president, you literally made that up.

trump: you’re fired. get me a diet coke on the way out.

@realdonaldtrump the mind of donald j. trump is so fucked up that as many of his critics face assassination attempts he still finds a way to make himself the victim.

@realdonaldtrump see a doctor. you are clearly not well.

this is a god damn disgrace. the president of the united states is now whining about how it is inconvenient for republicans that their political opponents are being sent bombs while hinting at a conspiracy theory. https://t.co/ojfra8midr

add cory booker and james clapper to the list of trump critics who have now been sent bombs. the way we fight back is to vote for democrats who will be a check on the president’s behavior and change the temperature of our political climate.

if the gop was serious about protecting pre-existing conditions then the 20 red states that are suing to end obamacare (and its pre-existing condition protections) would end their lawsuit. spoiler alert: they won't.

@sethquimby1 unfortunately, it definitely seems like it. even after today.

be sure to subscribe to my new daily email newsletter. tomorrow i explain why michael avenatti not only shouldn't be taken seriously as a democratic presidential candidate but even as a liberal leader. you'll want to read this.

subscribe here (it's free): https://t.co/yzeftud4p2

@danawantsbeer she wrote an op-ed today. https://t.co/avlxoxl8de

c’mon, caitlyn jenner, you did not think donald trump would help trans people. he picked mike pence as his veep, for chrissakes. you thought he would help your bank account.

@symonedsanders today was the day michael avenatti never became president.

@shaunking @michaelavenatti exactly. obama got six million votes more than any white man who has ever been a presidential nominee. 10 years ago! hillary clinton got three million more. in this moment, based on numbers, the better argument is that it will likely take someone who is not a white male.

@mollyjongfast it's from the movie only lovers left alive. unfortunately, the timeline we are living in is on its way to being only trumpers left alive.

@mollyjongfast this is what they looked like before the trump admin. it takes decades off the soul. https://t.co/obghstiwlh

if one single prominent republican would’ve stood up and refused to vote with trump until he stopped inciting hate and violence the country might not be in this bad of a spot. there weren’t any who had the courage to make that stand.

bernie sanders hasn’t said anything dangerous. donald trump has said hundreds of dangerous things. gtfo with this garbage false equivalency. https://t.co/quv0onbzfi

chuck grassley thought he was convincing people to vote for kim reynolds, but instead he accidentally made the case for term limits. oops. https://t.co/caxec1mrfa

@trishtess i think florida might already be blue. gillum is flipping it from purple!

this can be our future:

marijuana legalized
single-payer passed
gun reform happens
az, ga, tx go blue
1% pays fair share
campaign finance reform
free college tuition
$15 minimum wage
scotus liberal majority
environment is saved

this path starts with electing democrats on 11/6.

@turtlesgaloremr liberals aren’t nearly as susceptible to this sort of thing. will not happen to the left. on november 7 we will start working to prevent that.

avenatti won’t even make the final four of the 2020 democratic primary. hopefully not even the top 10. now let’s get back to the 2018 election... https://t.co/adxwqthwsu

the label newt gingrich has earned is godfather of divisive politics. he should be extra ashamed of his ugly legacy this week. https://t.co/dfleoz3n1k

@mmflint this x 66 million. 69 million if the obama coalition reunites. https://t.co/p2vpmqqqp4

“if you care about your future, vote for it.”

this robert de niro quote is even more important now that liberal voices are trying to be silenced with violence.

@kathygriffin yes! we can’t be silenced. but also be careful and stay safe, kathy.

america needs to worry less about stopping refugees and more about stopping racism.

a kindergarten class would instantly get the difference between interrupted meals and attempted murders, but trump supporters just can't seem to grasp it.

@kritims1 @theleft appreciate it!

in thursday's @theleft newsletter, we break down the vile rhetoric used by donald trump against all the democrats who were sent bombs. an extremely strong case that he incited violence. 

to make sure you don't miss it subscribe here: https://t.co/yzeftud4p2

the ann coulters and rush limbaughs don't really believe bombs being sent to democrats are a liberal hoax. they believe their gullible audience will believe that.

@dankaszeta an absolute destruction. https://t.co/djc0bqolxt

@andrewgillum dunked all over him. https://t.co/n6kvx7vinl

the gop:

enables dangerous trump behavior

put kids in prison camps

will gut social security

trashes the environment

passed the tax scam

won't protect pre-existing conditions

suppresses votes

cuts education $

wants to overturn roe v wade

this election isn't hard, people.

biden now? how many dems will get sent packages before this insanity is over? what if some got through? every household name in the party has to be scared to death.  https://t.co/njzal0uhjc

colin allred could one day become governor of texas or a us senator. if you’re looking for the next beto to come out of the lone star state, this #tx32 house candidate is who you’re searching for. please consider donating/volunteering: https://t.co/dtqzykvdo0

democrat gretchen whitmer rips into republican bill schuette for contributing to the trumpian fearmongering and rhetoric that created our current dangerous political climate, says she is running against that. #migovdebate https://t.co/98cylmos8h

@mittromney there's no "us" here. democrats don't applaud and encourage violence at rallies. democrats don't chant to lock up innocent people. why not try actually standing up to trump? https://t.co/xkywttmmuo

the dow jones is now down for the year as wages for the majority of working-class americans have flatlined. this is why the gop is running on xenophobia, lies and fearmongering. the tax scam and trade war are ruining the economic momentum trump inherited from obama.

given that ben sasse just released a book both-sidesing tribalism, weird how he's been silent after attempted acts of terror against democrats. funny how he doesn't seem as outraged when things don't fit his "everyone is equally responsible" narrative. https://t.co/dh6bbgmniv

boy, the conservative drumbeat for civility sure got quiet fast. it’s almost like it wasn’t genuine.

@maninthehoody you deserve some kind of award for this. we need something like that. the trolly awards.

@wajahatali they wait for the temperature to cool down and then the both-sidesing begins.

“knock the crap out of them. i promise you i will pay for the legal fees.”

“nothing you can do, folks. although the 2nd amendment people, maybe there is.”

“any guy who can do a body slam, he is my type!”

trump’s history of inciting politically motivated violence is undeniable.

“in these times, we have to unify. we have to come together.” - trump

uh, divider-in-chief, you are the one who divided us! this is on you.

you spewed dangerous rhetoric about political opponents for years and now they are being targeted with bombs.
https://t.co/ravsz8hmgh

@45failingbigly i want trump to lose in a landslide election, ideally to a woman or person of color, and suffer the most devastating blow to his ego possible. that’s the fate he truly deserves. to be humiliated.

@keithboykin sounds like kamala harris as well.

there isn’t a word in the english language strong enough to capture how negatively i view donald trump. but i would never wish physical harm upon him. today isn’t who we should be as americans. let’s vote for democrats, get back to focusing on ideas not insults, stop the madness.

right-wingers: “eric holder making a metaphor is a sign that the apocalypse is upon us. panic!”

also right-wingers: “a unabomber wannabe sending bombs to prominent liberals is a false flag. relax!”

democrats should counter the gop hashtag #jobsnotmobs with something like #equalitynotexplosives given the right-wing racism and attempted assassinations.

bombs being mailed to the clintons, the obamas and cnn right now.

innocent refugees seeking asylum who will be here months from now. 

one of these things is an imminent threat, the other isn’t a threat at all.

@katseyes45 exactly. heather heyer died and the president blamed the victims as much as the perpetrators. but it was him who incited the violence.

in the past few days people have tried to bomb:

the clintons
the obamas
george soros

and nancy pelosi was recently confronted by a mob.

this is no coincidence as these are the four biggest targets of dangerous right-wing rhetoric. conservatives are going to get someone killed.

@38boog back atcha!

@christanyc thank you, too!

and if you haven’t subscribed to our daily political email newsletter running down the news fast for busy progressives/liberals, why the hell not? it’s free and you can unsubscribe if you don’t dig it (you will). 

subscribe here: https://t.co/tonea2hlct

really proud of the work @kimontheleft is doing on our @theleft daily podcast. killing it. so good at getting liberals through all the political news of the day in 10-15 minutes. always has good insight, too. do yourself a favor and check it out... https://t.co/lxvc8vdsno

ted cruz, self-proclaimed “constitutionalist,” jokes about locking his political opponent up for no reason. this guy is such a fraud. https://t.co/5fzgq06yyy

@jbarro “give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free.” to many americans this is what our country is all about. there was no “proper” way for these people. they are trying to survive.

@reignofapril ted: "did i mention marijuana yet?"

moderators: only 147 times. https://t.co/fofhyyhxk9

@jheil @tedmetz ted metz is the lincoln chafee of gary johnsons.

@seanflanagan43 kemp of course also used the focus-group-tested term "radical" that every republican seems to be desperately clinging on to.

#gagovdebate report card:

stacey abrams: a-

could've hit opponents harder, but she stayed positive. focused on her accomplishments and policies.

brian kemp: c

was irritable and went super negative. couldn't defend his record.

ted metz: d-

showed up, had a pulse.

stacey abrams said a lot of smart things about criminal justice reform, but this stood out the most: "we need to decriminalize being poor in georgia." #gagovdebate

lol. brian kemp literally just said to "blame obama" for kemp's own voter suppression. when all else fails, you can always count on republicans blaming obama and/or hillary. #gagovdebate

"this is someone who had a woman arrested for helping her blind father vote." -stacey abrams on brian kemp's pattern of voter suppression. #gagovdebate

stacey abrams' parents were hit by hurricane katrina, health problems and cancer, and abrams went into debt to provide for them (along with student debt), which is honorable. brian kemp continuing to hammer abrams for taking care of her family is a low blow. #gagovdebate

@americansoaring watch here: https://t.co/gfahb3rrqz

@dfbscb in some ways better (weed), in some ways worse (they hate government even more).

republican brian kemp and libertarian ted metz are ganging up on stacey abrams, consistently trying to smear her, in the #gagovdebate and she is still clearly outperforming both. she really was made for this.

@cmclymer that’s not a metaphor for the alarming voter suppression going on in ga. not at all.

gop gubernatorial candidate brian kemp just said in the #gagov debate that he won't recuse himself as secretary of state if the governor's race goes to a recount. really scary when you consider his history of voter suppression.

things adults shouldn’t believe in:

* the tooth fairy
* the easter bunny
* imaginary friends
* republicans who say they'll protect pre-existing conditions

today's conservative midterm message: vote gop and you won't get killed by an imaginary ms-13/isis/zombie invasion, but you will be able to proudly call yourself a nationalist. subtle!

@acosta this works as a mantra for trump’s propaganda outlet:

“fox news. there’s no proof of anything.”

colin allred is a terrific democratic candidate that we haven’t heard enough about. here he is in the #tx32 debate hitting republican pete sessions for being a swamp monster who’s one of the biggest recipients of corporate pac money in congress. https://t.co/dg2o8yzhf0

"hey, i'm an undecided voter. normal person. normal job. the choice in this election is between republicans, who want me to pay for betsy devos buying an 11th yacht, or democrats, who want universal health care and economic fairness for all. gee, i'm torn. such a tough decision."

the same megyn kelly who gets upset when jesus and santa aren’t portrayed as white — reminder: scholars think neither jesus nor saint nicholas were — doesn’t give a shit if you wear racist blackface for halloween. remind me why she was mainstreamed again?

you can let racist gop fearmongering convince you to vote against your own self-interests or vote democrat to...

* save pre-existing condition protections
* stop deficit-exploding tax cuts for 1%
* protect medicare and social security

shouldn't be a hard choice for most voters.

@daveweigel if there’s one thing i can’t resist it’s retweeting a total recall reference.

what donald trump means when he calls himself a “nationalist” is white nationalist, because a president who hurts the us to benefit the saudis and russians for selfish reasons isn’t someone who puts our nation first.

the right’s antisemitic attacks on george soros provoked some nutjob to put a bomb in his mailbox. the republican slogan “jobs not mobs” rings hollow after this.

@realdonaldtrump lookie here. a trump endorsement without fearmongering about the us becoming venezuela.

remember how you felt the morning after election day 2016? remember how hellish the past two years have been, especially for marginalized americans?

unless liberals want to feel this way november 7 and two years afterward, we have to outwork conservatives to get out the vote.

support democrats in super close house races...

@colinallredtx #tx32
@amymcgrathky #ky06 
@kelly4southrnil #il12
@delgadoforny19 #ny19
@lizforindiana #in09
@seancasten #il06
@axne4congress #ia03
@malinowski #nj07
@elaineluriava #va02
@lizzie4congress #tx07
@golden4congress #me02

by the end of this week, trump will claim that orcs, stormtroopers and the james–younger gang are traveling with the migrant caravan.

@jeffzeleny they are trying to lie their way into being bigger than beto's rally of 55k.

texas ag ken paxton is currently facing indictments for felony fraud charges and up to 99 years in prison. that might be too swampy for even the donald's taste. https://t.co/bs3vxp1orh

donald trump lies and says he's never heard of the nra giving a politician an f grade. most current democratic senators have f grades, and that's a good thing. 
#houstonrally https://t.co/cth4uuxrpx

trump says "can you imagine hillary up there?" about kavanaugh's hearing. 

hillary clinton testified about benghazi for 11 hours and remained stoic.

brett kavanaugh was crying and yelling 11 minutes into his testimony.

#houstonrally

if you've ever wondered what the exact opposite of the shawshank redemption is, welp, here you go... https://t.co/ykfblfzknb

ted cruz living up to his lyin' ted nickname by claiming beto o'rourke is against the second amendement. nope. beto is simply for common sense gun reform as americans continue to die due to our gun violence epidemic. c'mon, ted. #houstonrally

"has anybody ever heard of my husband eric trump?" - lara trump

god how i wish the answer to this question was no.

#houstonrally

lt. gov. dan patrick is out on stage screaming and yelling, acting like a god damn lunatic, reminding us that somehow ted cruz might not even be the worst republican in texas. #houstonrally

texas gov. greg abbott jokes that because tx has a bigger economy than russia, he's more powerful than putin.

a. unless you also have nuclear weapons and dirt on trump, no you're not.

b. with russia interfering in our election again, this isn't a laughing matter.

#houstonrally

@seanalyn ha! even if someone thinks ted cruz is attractive on the outside, which is subjective i suppose, he’s ugly on the inside for sure.

beautiful ted? people are right about donald trump‘s vocabulary shrinking because “beautiful” is one of the last words in the english language that should be used to describe ted cruz.

@katebennett_dc @realdonaldtrump beautiful ted? gross. even his own wife probably wouldn’t call him that. he looks the lovechild of grandpa munster and alf, and the man has no soul.

the president of the united states is coming to campaign for him and ted cruz can still only fill the toyota center, which has a capacity of 19k. beto o’rourke recently held a rally with 55k people attending. can you say enthusiasm gap?

@ericagrieder @cltomlinson the problem with that. most of the gop is doing a job interview like trump is hiring them — not voters.

@vbarnett323 and for young voters, the ones who often don’t show, it is a huge issue. not disagreeing those other priorities are larger, but we can walk and chew gum at the same time.

@vbarnett323 it’s a healthcare issue, imo. can assist with pain and emotional well-being while helping get people off of opioids.

75% of democrats, 71% of independents and even 53% of republicans want marijuana legalized. don’t understand why democrats don’t pound this issue waaaaaaaay more. in much of the country there is only upside. https://t.co/3qxmdjkto0

don’t have a problem with van jones interviewing jared kushner.

do have a problem with jones asking kushner fox-style softball questions.

@tigerli57435526 this is true. imagine cutting 20% of school days to kick back more to corporations. absurd.

democrats aren’t going to turn the us into venezuela. 

republicans are going to turn the us into kansas and oklahoma. 

red states where reckless tax cuts for the 1% caused massive budget shortfalls, resulting in schools, pensions, infrastructure, etc. being underfunded.

@michelleobama @whenweallvote thank you for your leadership, flotus! you heard her, get out the vote, y’all.

why can’t trump praise a republican without saying a democrat will turn the us into venezuela? because republicans haven’t accomplished anything except the unpopular gop tax scam, so he resorts to scare tactics. https://t.co/ph54uoscf1

@ngeiling absolutely. “an economy that lasts.”

andrew gillum had an outstanding debate, but his brightest moment was this eloquent closing statement about rejecting donald trump’s quest to divide america. #flgovdebate https://t.co/dd3vndz8rs

just once, just once, i want to watch a debate where a republican doesn’t invoke the name of george soros as an antisemitic dog whistle. #flgovdebate

“i’m not gonna be involved in the washington food fight anymore. i’ve been there, done that, got the t-shirt.” ron desantis might be the corniest person on the planet. #flgovdebate

ron desantis blamed “school security” for school shootings.

andrew gillum fired back that he is “wholly owned by the nra.”

desantis is the typical florida republican who will continue to do absolutely nothing as innocent kids keep getting murdered. #flgovdebate

“mr. desantis himself used to moderate a xenophobic, racist facebook page.” andrew gillum did not did not come to play. he refused to let ron desantis explain away his record of racism. #flgovdebate

* - not to be confused with the trump family tax scam.

andrew gillum called the gop tax bill “the trump tax scam” and i’m here for it. exactly what it was. #flgovdebate

ron desantis told a cancer patient who wanted to know how they’d have access to health care without insurance coverage “you can always go to the emergency room.” wow. andrew gillum slammed him for picking insurance companies over people with pre-existing conditions. #flgovdebate

andrew gillum roasts the florida gop’s climate change denial: “what florida voters need to know is that when they elect me governor they’re gonna have a governor who believes in science, which we haven’t had for quite some time in this state.” #flgovdebate https://t.co/ixehsos1uw

beto or bust. texas can’t suffer another 6 years of ted cruz. https://t.co/a9wujdnu02

the trump-pence white house and its gop accomplices want to erase transgender americans. protect our trans friends by voting as many republicans out on nov. 6 as possible. #transrightsarehumanrights

lindsey graham admitted “financial contributions will stop” if republicans don’t keep cutting taxes for big donors. it’s why the gop would rather let you die from a pre-existing condition than tell the kochs, richard uihlein or sheldon adelson that billionaire welfare is a no-go.

"anybody who votes for a democrat now is crazy." - trump

ah, yes, it’s way less crazy to vote for the gop, a party of nazis, pedophiles, torturers and a sexual predator, tax cheat, russian puppet potus who want to cut medicare and social security to pay for billionaire tax cuts.

here's a recent source to back up this claim about budget deficits, for all the fox news watchers who don't want to believe it: https://t.co/yu05jlgtwd https://t.co/9i674nhy7h

reagan/bush 41 grew the deficit.

clinton left a surplus.

bush 43 grew the deficit.

obama brought it down.

trump is growing the deficit.

a democrat will clean up the mess.

there's a pattern. hint: it's not republicans are fiscal conservatives, democrats spend irresponsibly.

@jonfromcali it is hysterical, but it is also true as she has two million followers. a huge swath of the right looks to her for punditry and policy ideas.

omg, eric holder instructed people to kick conservatives metaphorically, i'm like soooooooo offended... now let me make a joke out of a murdered us journalist to show people how much i want hillary to die. civility!

we hear lots about a so-called trump derangement syndrome on the left, but here is a thought-leader on the right making a "joke" about hillary clinton being tortured to death and dismembered with a bone saw two years after hrc left politics. this is clinton derangement syndrome. https://t.co/fzenx61pip

pre-existing conditions
pre-existing conditions
pre-existing conditions

democrats cannot say this enough during the last few weeks before the midterms. with the gop suing to end the aca, this election is literally life or death for many voters. they need to be reminded of that.

using venezuela to represent all socialism is like using nickelback to represent all rock music.

@realdonaldtrump how many mass shootings have happened on rick scott’s watch? what about florida’s disgusting stand your ground law? scott has blood on his hands.

@realdonaldtrump rick scott banned the term “climate change” and has ignored the environmental crisis we’re in. floridians will continue to pay the price.

@realdonaldtrump rick scott suppresses voting rights by denying ex-felons who’ve earned that right.

@realdonaldtrump rick scott oversaw the largest medicare fraud in american history.

@realdonaldtrump rick scott is voldemort in a suit.

#ifiwonabilliondollars the world would know i was a billionaire but not trump because he won’t show his taxes.

@mirandayaver whatever happens, he has a bright future and has changed both the the texas political landscape and the blueprint for democratic campaigns.

@metsmerized i’m no longer at fansided, or even in sports, but great company! amazing group of people.

we literally had to lock up our phones in pouches so nobody would tweet or whatever during the filming. someone needs to get one of those to the white house asap.

went to the #podsaveamericahbo taping in austin tonight. really well done show. beto was on fire. every answer super smooth, like a tiny ted talk. not to be confused with a ted cruz talk. those are always cringeworthy.

@shannonrwatts @betoorourke @momsdemand i was there. her interview segment almost made me tear up. she’s amazing.

@mattyglesias or two days of marijuana being legal? hard to say.

one thing i’ve noticed during all these senate debates is that republicans do fine when they fearmonger and smear, but ask them to defend trump and the past two years and they unravel.

a reporter telling a troll “fuck you” doesn’t matter. 

the “fuck you” that matters is the one republicans are planning to give you by taking your healthcare, medicare and social security.

stay focused on the elections and vote for democrats.

beto o’rourke just raised more money in a quarter than any senate candidate in history and also held one of the biggest political rallies ever. hardly a freakin’ lightweight. https://t.co/uvc32rkakz

scott walker saying he'll make sure you have coverage for pre-existing conditions as he sues to get rid of them is like someone robbing your house while pretending to sell you homeowners coverage. https://t.co/3nqiviyglb

republicans don’t care about ethics, norms or hypocrisy. only about winning. democrats should always approach things with that in mind.

the conservative civility police who clutched their pearls over eric holder making a metaphor won’t have a damn thing to say about donald trump praising greg gianforte for assaulting a journalist. watch.

dem senator heidi heitkamp hits the gop hard on medicare and social security, sayings they've always planned to cut both. she also says republicans insult seniors by calling these programs they've paid for 'entitlements.' 100% correct. #ndsendebate https://t.co/uqaxvllpdr

@katscheve i grew up in missouri. born in kc, raised in springfield, went to mizzou. not saying people shouldn’t have guns. but missouri’s gun laws are a joke. stand your ground for example. we have a gun violence epidemic in this country and action must be taken.

claire mccaskill talks gun reform. gotta appreciate a red-state democrat who’s willing to fight so hard to stop gun violence she gets an f grade from the nra. that’s putting people before politics. #mosenatedebate https://t.co/oqvcgn39ee

beto also points out that his son, ulysses francis o’rourke, has the initials ufo, which is dope.

@mirandayaver knock on wood and get out the vote!

ted cruz and other conservatives have smeared beto o’rourke for his nickname — what a stupid effing thing to focus on — and he explains that anyone who’s born and raised in el paso with the name “robert” gets called “beto” instead. #texastownhall https://t.co/xcgha0552b

don trump jr. is appearing at a fundraiser for tx rep. pete sessions tonight. we need to put people in congress who will check the trumps and their corruption, not be beholden to them. #tx32

@maninthehoody trump got pissed at kelly, per usual, and put him on white house floor duty. kelly turned bolton upside down and tried to use his mustache as a broom, and all hell broke loose.

no clue what john bolton and john kelly yelled at each other about today. but i do know what they'll be yelling about three weeks from now. the trump admin becoming a lame-duck presidency because democrats took control of congress.

@pollimoe i just threw up 

this photo screams most bullied person in the world. what a terrible existence. every day must be such a struggle. if only melania had less solid gold in her life. https://t.co/svgyt5hibc

@realdonaldtrump almost every republican has been trying to get rid of pre-existing protections since the aca started, so trump will have to talk to literally the entire party.

don’t believe their lies.

if they win, the gop is coming for your healthcare, your social security and your medicare.

in two years time, jason chaffetz went from claiming he couldn’t look his daughter in the eye if he supported trump to acting exactly like trump. this transformation is a microcosm of the republican party.

@jasoninthehouse like this pic of you and michael jordan better. https://t.co/pjsvn0zhzb

@civoknu @mollyjongfast @natesilver538 @daviduberti time to reverse that hellish night with a positive election experience!

@mollyjongfast @natesilver538 @daviduberti that said, on election day 2017 the needle was a lot of fun. believe that was the last time they had it?

@mollyjongfast @natesilver538 @daviduberti maybe i'm a masochist, but i miss the sheer terror of refreshing that needle over and over while anticipating impending doom.

@daviduberti https://t.co/dnfaipy7d7

a second ex-gop kansas governor, mike hayden, has endorsed democrat laura kelly over republican kris kobach in the state's gubernatorial race. hayden has been a registered republican for 50 years but recognizes how disastrous a gov. kobach would be. https://t.co/ecln6ycbbv

@ohnoshetwitnt @joanwalsh she needs those thoughts and prayers. imagine waking up in the morning and the first thing you see is ted cruz's face.

these new beto o’rourke ads are smart. no clichéd “attack ad” voice. no gimmicks. just beto passionately telling viewers about the worst parts of ted cruz’s senate record. https://t.co/lqxhuypp2h

@atrupar i have thought i was going to die before (car wreck), but nothing like what you went through. we should all be thankful the nba is here to steer us through the rough patches!

@atrupar so sorry this happened to you but glad you are ok! can’t even imagine how terrifying that would be.

pat robertson explained in one gif... https://t.co/zohkf2agl8

mitch mcconnell says he wants “entitlement reform.”

voters should respond with senate majority reform.

the media has already forgotten about jim jordan's ohio st. scandal and the trump tax fraud bombshell, but we'll still be hearing about hillary's emails in 2071.

gop rep. and white-collar crook chris collins raised only $80 (!) in contributions from his constituents during q3. he's so pathetic. some kindergartners in his district could set up a lemonade stand this weekend and outraise that haul. https://t.co/mfyketeznc

republicans have literally spent the past decade trying to stop democrats from ensuring that americans with pre-existing conditions can get healthcare. now almost every gop candidate is claiming they are for pre-existing protections. maybe the biggest party-line lie of all time.

@justdawn_ https://t.co/ywi4uwvrfi

@kayrenee138 @sdscribbler and arugula! he knows what arugula is! elitist!

imagine if the first black president had an affair with a porn star after his wife gave birth, bribed his mistress in a campaign finance crime, then publicly called her “horseface.” right-wing america would flip out. but because trump is a white republican they don’t give a shit.

americans now have two reasons to be jealous of canada: single-payer healthcare and legalized marijuana.

ted cruz reminded us why he’s accomplished little and is disliked by even his own party. he’s a smug, dishonest hack with outdated ideas.

beto o’rourke is an authentic, inspiring disruptor who wants to make government work for everybody, not just those at the top.

#texasdebate

ted cruz can praise #metoo and try to frame himself as an advocate, but actions speak louder than words and he’s supported brett kavanaugh, donald trump and roy moore. #texasdebate

“why does he not vote for universal background checks in a country that loses 30,000 people to gun violence every year? follow the money.” - beto o’rourke points out the $ ted cruz has received from @nra as mass shootings keep hitting tx.
#texasdebate

“really interesting to hear you talk about a partisan circus after your last six years in the senate.” 

beto o’rourke gets another good dig in, reminding voters of all the drama ted cruz always brings.

(via @texastribune)
https://t.co/dhg9k3jzmr

beto o’rourke mentions that under republican leadership tx is the least insured state in the us, which is disgraceful given the size of the state’s economy. when asked how we pay for universal healthcare, he gives the correct answer: by reversing the gop tax scam. #texasdebate

“he’s dishonest. it’s why the president called him lyin’ ted, and it’s why the nickname stuck. because it’s true.” - beto o’rourke absolutely destroyed ted cruz here. wow. #texasdebate https://t.co/wfoxmzx7op

beto o’rourke comes out swinging. immediately hits ted cruz for spending $5 million on cambridge analytica, the super shady data company that played a negative role in the 2016 election. #texasdebate

beto o’rourke introduces himself in english and spanish, reminding voters that he is bilingual. ted cruz is not. #texasdebate

@shandat612 throw in hillary clinton and nancy pelosi and you would die from alcohol poisoning.

at tonight’s debate, ted cruz will once again try to paint beto o’rourke as a radical. you know what’s actually radical? trying to take away people’s healthcare, supporting trump’s family separation policy, &amp; exploding the deficit with tax breaks for billionaires. #txsenatedebate

@mollyjongfast @jbouie the g on scott walker's letter jacket isn't for green bay, it's for gerrymandering.

@speechboy71 conservatives, and particularly evangelicals, don't care if he's a colossal tax cheat as long as he continues to be a bully who's pushing their agenda.

the only reason we are talking about dennis hof's death is because the republican party allowed an actual pimp to become a general election candidate.

@dcjohnnorton it's like, how do you fight a political group that gets outraged by absolutely everything their opponent does, but never takes accountability for anything they do?

hillary clinton and john kerry couldn’t even sneeze without getting criticized by conservatives, but current secretary of state mike pompeo giggles with the crown prince after the saudis chopped up a us resident/journalist and all you hear from the right is crickets.

big fan of julian castro, but c’mon, dude, can’t you wait just three more weeks before talking about 2020? laser focus on the midterms. https://t.co/j4t6ga06i3

[political discussion on cable news]

conservative pundit: “democrats are mean, nasty people. what we need is a return to civility.”

host: “some breaking news. the republican president just called stormy daniels ‘horseface.’”

ben sasse can keep both-sidesing our political landscape so he can sleep at night, but saying people who fight for the marginalized are as tribal as what’s become the cult of trump is goddamn laughable and deep down he knows it.

@jessphoenix2018 only god knows why he's 47 going on 62.

@ampd_crochet dead ringer https://t.co/6xxutlinum

as you can see trump’s plan to get the world to stop “laughing at us” is going swell. https://t.co/jtrke72mcz

@jordanuhl i made all the right moves but ran into the ravens d and gostkowski. it’s a crazy game we play.

“the trump doctrine seems to be pretty simple: anybody who sides with me is ok. no matter what they do. anybody who doesn’t is my enemy. all’s fair as long as you win. winning is all that matters..." 

don lemon always calls trump on his bs.  it's why the president hates him. https://t.co/nlltsflcnt

and thanks for the support. i hate self-promotion. almost everyone not named donald or kanye does. but sometimes it has to be done so you can keep doing what you love. https://t.co/cri66eafo2

@larrywilson @theleft sometimes it will be fun. there will be liberal wins. republicans will make asses out of themselves. other times it will be not so fun. all about making the horse manure we all currently must swallow to stay engaged as tolerable as possible. until the gop loses power, that is.

passionate about progressive politics but struggle to keep up with the news? subscribe to our free daily email newsletter, @theleft. a fun, fast way for busy folks to stay informed. you can unsubscribe at any time so you have nothing to lose. 

subscribe: https://t.co/xtur37ohlv

@insomniacx29 @shawrls george carlin sadly left us some time ago, but this brilliant riff on the gop will be accurate for years to come.

arizona ranks in the bottom 10 in both education and opportunity. republicans have consistently failed working class people there. it's been 30 freakin' years (!) since az voted to send a democrat to the us senate. vote for kyrsten sinema to change that. #azsen

gop senate candidate martha mcsally gets asked twice whether she supports overturning roe v. wade and refused to answer. she just danced around the question while touting herself as pro-life. very clear that she does support overturning it. #azsen https://t.co/r8ixnyyrmu

be nice, tomi. you and stormy daniels aren't all that different. you both became famous during the trump era and make a living selling fantasies to people. https://t.co/6wj2ezal42

@realdonaldtrump trump calling bernie crazy is something else. hi pot, meet kettle.

@amy_siskind how stupid do they think we are? 

*looks around and sees a few maga hats, sighs*

@jimsciutto @clarissaward @timlistercnn this is "the dog ate my homework" for murder. but it will likely suffice for trump, who is a fan of torture.

tucker should have thought about this before he started polluting the airwaves with white nationalist propaganda. https://t.co/ztqr3sfffb

@babaohreally that's upsetting. it was my understanding that he was never a significant donor for either party, but if that's incorrect, i would love to know. still, he's been a very committed owner who has served fans well, and as a philanthropist, few people have done what he was able to do.

in an age of greedy professional sports team owners who only care about the bottom line, paul allen not only cared about winning, he cared about people.

just when you thought political news couldn’t possibly get any weirder. https://t.co/a1jyohnyvu

the actor dunking on ted cruz in these commercials is sonny carl davis. he was in bernie and thelma &amp; louise, and hopefully will get more work now because he’s hilarious. https://t.co/gdkpgtyuyq

and, yes, this spot is silly af but that's on purpose. ted cruz has focused on frivolous stuff for his entire career and deserves to be mocked for it.

this new anti-ted cruz ad hits him for calling beto o'rourke a "triple meat whataburger liberal" -- uh, whatever the hell that is -- and his love of white castle. there are no white castles in texas, but as the ad points out there might be in canada, ted's birthplace. https://t.co/96tbfxglnp

ugh. hate to bring up the 2000 election, but on the other hand that memory should motivate liberals. makes my blood boil.

this is one of the more important state courts in the country. after the 2000 election it ruled to have a state recount so every legally cast vote would count, until a controversial scotus decision ruled against it.

the florida supreme court has stopped rick scott’s shady attempt to pack the bench with three new justices during the final hours of his term. the next governor will now appoint those judges, making it even more crucial that andrew gillum wins.

“hi. i’m a registered republican. i don’t believe that elizabeth warren has any native american ancestry or that barack obama was born in the us despite evidence backing up those claims, but i definitely believe that president porn star hush money is a good christian man.”

now that elizabeth warren has proved her native american ancestery, it’s time for donald trump to do 3 things:

1. stop using the racist slur “pocahontas.”

2. keep his promise and give a million dollars to charity.

3. she took the dna test. now he needs to show us his taxes.

add scott walker to the long list of republicans who are lying about healthcare. he’s been trying to get rid of the aca since the start and is currently suing to end protections for pre-existing coverage. https://t.co/a36edsy6n2

donald trump refused to pledge not to shut down the mueller probe. that’s because after the election he’s going to try to do just that. democrats must win the midterms so they can protect the investigation. #60minutes https://t.co/rltzvhmup5

previous gop: liberals are weak people the rest of the world won’t fear.

current gop: liberals are bullies and you should be terrified of them.

so, republicans, which is it because it can’t be both?

starting november 7, those of us on the left can talk about the 2020 election all day every day. until then we need to zip it and focus on actually showing up for midterms.

the des moines register tells readers to vote democrat, blasts the gop, especially rep. steve king, saying he "spends his time meeting with fascist leaders in europe and retweeting neo-nazis." https://t.co/rcgabhlzsa

missouri gop senate candidate josh hawley has received nearly half a million in blood money from the nra and is suing to end protections for pre-existing conditions. he calls himself pro-life, but his actions say differently.

“i love you, kanye. we have a lot more in common than people know. we’re both geniuses, we’re both married to beautiful women, and we’ve both definitely been recorded saying the n-word.” - alec baldwin as trump #snl https://t.co/jizvypy6r8

“let me put the passcode in. 0-0-0-0-0-0. i’m a genius!” chris redd roasted kanye during the saturday night live cold open. #snl https://t.co/pk2m3tcxuj

what’s truly uncivil is the gop...

* trying to take healthcare away from people with pre-existing conditions

* purging voter rolls to disenfranchise people of color

* ripping apart migrant families and imprisoning the kids

* ignoring school shootings out of loyalty to the nra

@sarahksilverman rick scott doesn't care about climate change because he can only die if all the horcruxes are destroyed.

i'm old enough to remember before the kanye lovefest when attacking rap was as much of a fox news tradition as hillary conspiracy theories. rappers the channel has attacked:
 
50 cent
cam’ron
common
eminem
jadakiss
jay-z
jeezy
kendrick lamar
ludacris
lupe fiasco
mos def
nas
snoop

obama after hurricane sandy

vs.

trump after hurricane michael https://t.co/9gtnrmngqt

@mmjblair it's like harry truman said about the gop, which amazingly still works perfectly, "how many times do you have to get hit over the head until you figure out who’s hitting you?”

@mmjblair they think that money/success is their white birthright that is being kept from them by the "others" and if they support people like trump they will one day get there. the joe the plumber delusional types. and if they don't, well, at least "someone like me" is still on top.

right-wing america perpetuates the myth that the “takers” are blue states, liberals, immigrants and people of color. in reality, the takers are wealthy people like kushner and trump who don’t pay taxes, and red states that take way more from the treasury than they put back in.

@fiondavision @canadianglen which is what makes the group’s identity and nationalism even more confusing.

perhaps the only thing more embarrassing than the “proud boys” name is having all the advantages of white males who were born here and still pretending you are the biggest victims of american culture.

melania finally admits that she wore that tone-deaf "i really don’t care. do u?" jacket on a trip to visit detained migrant children just to own the libs. she was too busy playing the victim to show the proper respect to the actual victims. https://t.co/payojniogl

@mikefreemannfl so so bad.

@chuckwendig this is uncool. i‘m a fan of your work and tweets. really hope this isn’t becoming a pattern where marvel continuously caves to the worst people on the internet and stifles creators who stand up for what’s right, both in their stories and real life. their loss, dude.

donald trump calls robert e. lee a “great general” and “incredible.” nope. he was a traitor who lost a war that cost over 700k people their lives. taxpayers shouldn’t have to foot the bill for this white nationalist fan fiction. https://t.co/htquuhh2xc

stephen miller rose to power and remains there because he's in lockstep with the gop base: motivated by who they can hurt, not who they can help.

right-wing attack ad hits democrat dan feehan for being anti-military even though he’s a veteran and republican jim hagedorn isn’t. the geniuses at the nrcc aren’t exactly don draper and peggy olson. https://t.co/02fjydttix

scott wagner, republican pa governor candidate, threatening to stomp his democratic opponent’s face with golf spikes is an ironic way to end a week where the main conservative talking point was that the left is angry and violent. the right is always projecting.

when democrats take back the house they should not only aggressively investigate trump’s taxes, but also all potential emoluments clause violations including business in china, russia, saudi arabia, etc.

john kelly has some nerve calling elizabeth warren an "impolite arrogant woman" when he signed up to work for literally the rudest and most egotistical person alive. https://t.co/hcrltob4a7

nra donations to gop senate candidates during the 2018 cycle:

hawley, mo - $460k
blackburn, tn - $433k
morrisey, wv - $223k
braun, in - $32k
mcsally, az - $26k
heller, nv - $23k
cruz, tx - $10k

want to stop school shootings? vote for democrats, not gun-lobby pawns.

don’t care if michael cohen now calls himself a democrat. don’t care if he starts building habitat for humanity houses with jimmy carter. he’s one of the biggest reasons our country is in this mess and nobody is going to forget that anytime soon.

donald trump apologized to brett kavanaugh, called dr. ford’s allegations a hoax, mocked the rules of #metoo and invited serial woman beater jim brown to the white house. 

that’s just this week. 

only trump would claim that it’s a scarier time for men as he wages war on women.

@karenattiah @jkhashoggi thanks for having the strength to keep talking about him. very important that this story doesn’t fade.

sorry for the shoddy camera work. had to film while keeping my hands on the wheel for safety.

here’s a glimpse of how betomania has swept up texas, but especially austin. on shoal creek blvd you’ll see a beto o’rourke sign on the lawn of about every third house. https://t.co/ck4jncnwjb

also, “this is what happens in a country that doesn’t make mental health a priority,” because in addition to not being well read both kanye and trump are clearly unwell.

if i ever become a parent, i’m going to show my children that kanye-trump summit and say, “kids, this is what happens to people who don’t read.”

@20sidedgeis that strategy has really fueled the campaigns of andrew gillum, beto o’rourke, stacey abrams and countless other democrats who seem to be overperforming in red states. tough yet classy. you definitely present a good question that i go back and forth on myself, though.

@ikebarinholtz not to mention trump spending almost an hour ranting on fox news.

@20sidedgeis we can have different kinds of leaders. not all need to be bare-knuckle brawlers. some can be happy warriors? also, i’m of the mind that our brightest leaders should let pundits get their hands in the muck and keep themselves pristine. present a clear alternative to trumpism.

while the current first lady whines about being bullied, michelle obama, the most unfairly treated flotus in history, continues to preach tolerance for the same people who showed her none. her grace is unparalleled.

after decades of insisting celebrities shouldn’t get involved in politics, conservatives are now like “omg kid rock and kanye west are at the white house!” they can front all they want, but we see how desperate the right is for celebrity attention.

*trump phone call w/ fox &amp; friends*

trump: did i tell you about my electoral college win yet?

steve doocy: 374 times, mr. president, but who’s counting?

brian kilmeade: we should let you go run the country. our producers tell us that after a week on set we smell pretty bad.

mitch mcconnell warns democrats shouldn't try "presidential harassment." pot, meet kettle. between trying to impeach bill clinton and undermining barack obama, mcconnell is the king of presidential harassment.

donald trump: “bob casey is banking on the name of his father, which is no good."

also donald trump: inherited over $400 million from his father.

@martee22 ugh. voter suppression is so disgusting, yet so common in republican-run states.

donald trump is doing another pointless rally -- one of his ego therapy sessions -- in erie, pennsylvania while a hurricane is still happening in florida and georgia. he only cares about himself. fl and ga voters should remember that on election day.

usa today might as well publish the pizzagate and seth rich conspiracy theories at this point, they went forward with just about every other lie about the democratic party.

fox &amp; friends really used this "the west wing" graphic while talking about kanye supposedly helping trump fix the country. get me the hell out of this timeline. https://t.co/z24iy4o38e

republicans are trying to steal people’s kids, have us headed towards an environmental apocalypse by 2040, put the worst justice since thomas on scotus, and want cancer survivors to be discriminated against. if you aren’t fired up to vote these monsters out, check your pulse.

you can also find @theleft podcast (done by @kimontheleft) on apple podcasts. if you dig it — and what’s wrong with you if you didn’t? — give it a positive review, please. https://t.co/se1imwp4qq

give @theleft newsletter/podcast (read or listen, your choice) just 10 minutes per day, and we'll keep you totally caught up on the political hellscape our country has turned into. until the blue wave comes, that is.

subscribe here: https://t.co/yzeftud4p2

@kingmanmarie39 he’s highly educated. just been indoctrinated to hate culture that’s moved past about 1980.

@hiiammikec @michmains good point. if they hate california and mexico so much quit eating produce from both places and good luck not starving!

today a red-state republican told me he wants california to secede. ca is the world's 5th biggest economy (bigger than the uk) and puts more into the federal treasury than it takes. meanwhile, almost all the most federally dependent states are red ones. careful what you wish for!

trump's iowa rally chanted "lock her up"... about dianne feinstein.

it's not even just hillary anymore. now the maga hats want to imprison any woman politician they dislike. trump supporters might not be better than this, but america is. vote accordingly. https://t.co/jpwc1drep1

@goldengateblond @nro i'm always tempted to quote tweet conservative garbage hot takes like this with just "roy moore"

@duckygirl333 @abby4iowa trying to see which state had more people in attendance or something.

"abby finkenauer, who the hell is that?" - trump in council bluffs

get used to hearing her name, jackass. @abby4iowa is leading in polls and will soon be the youngest woman ever elected to congress and the first woman elected to the house from iowa.

"democrats are the party of crime." - donald trump in council bluffs

fact check: trump's campaign manager, deputy campaign manager, personal lawyer and national security adviser have all pled guilty.

it's been two days since taylor swift's ig post. about 250k voters have registered in that period, a ridiculously huge spike compared to average numbers. trump won due to 77k voters in three states (mi, pa and wi) and other 2016 races were close. swift could swing some elections.

@jbmcneil15 nice call. was terrible what happened to steve scalise, 100%, but some people who had nothing to say about giffords suddenly got real concerned.

it's so aggravating that rand paul is just now suddenly worried about a politician getting assassinated. where the hell was this concern when conservatives were smearing the first black president as a secret terrorist?

@reneehoagenson @rephartzler i will. my family is almost entirely republican but some are sensible moderates and seem open minded to voting for democrats this cycle. trying to talk them into voting for a check on trump.

my timeline needs...

less of these 3 words: ivanka and jared

more of these 3 words: register to vote

that is all.

@reneehoagenson @rephartzler i grew up in missouri. have family in your district. doesn’t surprise me to see a mo republican play the victim card when their opponent simply wants to participate in a longstanding election tradition. vicky hartzler is in a deep-red district yet is still afraid. pathetic.

nepotism issues weren’t the only problem with ivanka taking haley’s job. no way donald trump would put his family under the microscope of a senate confirmation hearing. he wants to keep the dirt hidden. https://t.co/udv0lvmei8

kevin mccarthy just introduced a bill to waste $23 billion on the stupid border wall. here’s a simple way to make sure that bill goes nowhere: vote

@kathygriffin being a successful woman comic at your level, can’t imagine what the targeted harassment is like. i’m truly sorry you and others, especially women comics (add samantha bee and michelle wolf to the list), are having to endure. not right. but lots of us have your back.

@kathygriffin a similar group tried to run me off the internet a year ago after i spoke up about toxic masculinity. weaponized a handful of my decade old tweets i had clearly moved past &amp; claimed responsibility for. threatened me, harassed my mom, gf. anything to uphold status quo/patriarchy.

ted cruz canceled the second debate and is now chickening out of a town hall with beto o’rourke. his problem can’t be cnn, he recently debated bernie sanders on the channel. more proof cruz is not “tough as texas.” https://t.co/muvgvadhoy

@mattmfm there are almost no significant moderate republicans left. mccain is gone and susan collins got dragged to the right by the maga brigade. maybe murkowski can still be because of alaska’s quirks? maybe baker in massachusetts. that’s about it.

the word count from a jared kushner-kanye west meeting:

ye: 1,427,892

kush: 4

this ad from academy award-nominated director and native texan richard linklater is so spot on. how can ted cruz be "tough as texas" when he kisses trump's ass after trump insulted his wife's looks and said his dad helped kill jfk? https://t.co/87lq11d0bx

@zacharybest i was kind of looking forward to jaime harrison or somebody else beating lindsey in the 2020 election. but i can totally see this happening. lindsey has been addition in for an audience of one.

@mollyjongfast @kevcirilli @mikedelmoro be fair. there’s at least a dozen left.

@mikefreemannfl you have the wrong woman of indian descent. kamala harris is the name you’re looking for.

nikki haley is resigning. don’t even think about praising her just because she was one of the least incompetent and sycophantic cabinet members. let’s not grade on the curve. anybody willing to work for trump for two days, let alone almost two years, is not a good person.

how does jared kushner even have time to meet with kanye? thought the boy wonder was supposed to be busy brokering peace in the middle east and fixing the opioid crisis.

@ohnoshetwitnt what did demogorgons do to deserve this comparison?

the devil’s triangle... https://t.co/d9dayg4hga

everybody knows about beto o'rourke, but @colinallredtx is also an exciting texas democrat. follow him and consider donating and/or volunteering. this #tx32 race is not getting enough attention and beating sessions would be a devastating blow to the gop.

pete sessions is chairman of the house rules committee. this has allowed him to be the biggest roadblock to pot legislation in congress. he's waged war on medical marijuana -- hurting people who are in pain -- plus weed in general. gotta defeat this guy. https://t.co/iwodojqe5e

mike pence is in texas campaigning for pete sessions and ted cruz. the gop is terrified both will lose so they are pulling out all the stops. if tx democrats can beat cruz and sessions, two of the worst republicans alive, it will be the most successful election cycle in decades.

@wagner_rob @rozsajh there's no reason for us not to have election day be a federal holiday other than the gop wanting to depress voter turnout.

in many us cities we celebrate indigenous peoples day instead of columbus day, because we’re not history-illiterate jerks like the doofus sitting in the oval office.

60 minutes interviewing susan collins is pointless. there’s no defending her kavanaugh vote. once again her actions are odds with her words and how she presents herself. that’s now her legacy.

liberals have substantive reasons to hate the gop: bad wars, corruption, discrimination and terrible policies. 

conservatives generally hate dems because of fake stuff like birtherism, pizzagate and the war on christmas. https://t.co/oi59ujx49s

@flotus @realdonaldtrump wonder if melania finally figured out that kenya is not the birthplace of barack obama while visiting?

it took some real bravery from eric reid to kneel during the national anthem today to protest social injustice in his first game back after he got blacklisted for protesting. https://t.co/rssm0yvx51

the nyt story proved the trumps cheated on taxes in the past. we need to see all his tax returns from the past 15 years. help democrats win the house and/or senate. congressional tax committees can obtain his tax returns from the irs because federal law gives them special access.

beck bennett, not beck beckett. it’s been a long week. https://t.co/yc0um6ijpl

“helped a lot that democrat joe manchin scored on his own goal.” kate mckinnon as lindsey graham. 

manchin totally deserved that burn. #snl https://t.co/biltgyejwr

“people really wanted kavanaugh. everyone’s pumped. from white men over 60, to white men over 70.” beck beckett’s mitch mcconnell is spot on. #snl https://t.co/urxztxlqzd

#snl made beck bennett look exactly like mitch mcconnell. put them side by side and you’d have twin turtles. https://t.co/gcrr6y8dcc

democrats should have a 7-2 scotus edge but it’s 5-4 gop. 

because of voter suppression. 

because of electoral college &amp; senate math favoring republicans.

but also because conservatives often want to win elections more.

that stops now. one month left to work for a blue wave.

@enelradsedir @medical91 pretty close, but a majority of americans thought he should be confirmed.

please subscribe to my new daily email newsletter, @theleft. we've invested a lot of time and resources to make sure those who lean left politically love our product, but the only way it sticks around is if people actually sign up. thanks!

subscribe here: https://t.co/yzeftud4p2

brett kavanaugh will be the first justice who was nominated by a president who lost the popular vote, confirmed by senators who represent a population minority, and opposed in polls by a majority of americans.

trump says our political system is rigged. it is rigged. for the gop.

@gerryconway it's only been nuked on judicial nominees so far.

george soros hasn't given a dime to most liberals, but he gave trump $160 million for the trump international hotel &amp; tower in chicago in 2004. so who's really "paid by soros?" https://t.co/y5q3fqwzhw

p.s. - this isn’t about my thoughts on al franken (i thought he needed to resign), but about the hypocrisy of how the gop treated his allegations so differently than even more serious ones regarding trump, kavanaugh,  moore, etc.

@zoeyorkwrites i personally thought franken needed to resign. that’s not the point. the point is conservatives treated him totally different than what they are saying they want now.

conservatives didn't care about due process for hillary clinton.

conservatives didn't care about the burden of proof for birtherism.

conservatives didn't care about equal protection for gay customers.

conservatives didn't care about the presumption of innocence for al franken.

a crazed conservative asked for help "killing liberals in their sleep!" this is what trump, the gop, the nra and right-wing propaganda have done to our country. https://t.co/ave426wr5p

as a republican on the senate judiciary committee, ted cruz is one of the people most responsible for brett kavanaugh's confirmation. in a month we can make him pay by electing beto o'rourke. losing a us senate seat in texas is the gut punch the gop deserves.

@tweet_dec @jwomack @danpfeiffer if we are arguing things states should do let’s win enough governors mansions to get to over 270 for the national popular vote and scrap the electoral college.

tldr - this is how ruthless the democratic senate majority leader in 2021 needs to be... https://t.co/yar6crumhm

when democrats take back power they need to do what mcconnell would do if he were a dem. nuke the filibuster. statehood for dc and pr. add two scotus seats to make up for trump’s illegitimate ones. investigate and impeach justice kavanaugh. no more bringing knives to a gunfight.

@mik3ferguson he got 48/49. mcconnell had as many defections as he did. not sure i blame schumer. maybe i’m in the minority, though?

nobody on the left should make excuses for joe manchin’s cowardice. other red-state democrats who are much more vulnerable — donnelly, heitkamp and mccaskill — took a much bigger risk than the one he refused to take.

@tonyposnanski they truly boofed our country.

i took a nap, did all of my laundry, slow-roasted prime rib, watched the godfather trilogy, even had time to go to the dmv... and she was still talking.

what was the point of that longwinded susan collins rant, to break the guinness world record for most excuses in a single speech?

congrats, susan collins, with your yes vote you just lost your re-election bid! 

you can count on angry liberals camping out in maine, flooding money to your opponent, doing whatever we can to flip red to blue. 

looking forward to the lobster and ending your political career.

is this susan collins, or is mitch mcconnell just a really good ventriloquist? this doesn’t sound like the independent senator we’ve heard so much about, it sounds like a bunch of gop talking points.

what susan collins doesn’t get is that the nominee’s identity never even mattered because he was nominated by an unindicted co-conspirator in federal crimes who is also currently a subject in an investigation.

lisa murkowski should switch her political affiliation and leave the gop. her values and voice clearly aren’t respected by the right. democrats would welcome her with open arms. https://t.co/ipxbm3sprv

*a conservative spills coffee while driving to work alone* 

conservative: “dammit, george soros, why did you do that?!”

@barkflight if manchin votes yes, you’d actually need 3. 49 dems + 2 gop because pence is the tiebreaker.

@coastalelite28 we’ve seen the senate democrats get stabbed in the back before (by joe lieberman, for example).

@coastalelite28 it’s not at all. in terms of their political future, reelection is likely easier for collins and murkowski if they vote no, for manchin if he votes yes. they have been meeting for a while, presumably to discuss these possibilities.

so actually two jobs 

@changethelausd hopefully my point was not misunderstood. i am not sure how much liberals can affect collins and flake, but we should be able to get manchin to no like we did all the other red-state dems. but we should flood all of them with dissent.

@coastalelite28 he could. collins and murkowski could both be a no and manchin could allow that to happen and help kavanaugh still get confirmed.

also bombard jeff flake and susan collins. we still need one of them to vote no along with murkowski and manchin to stop kavanaugh. keep the phones ringing...

collins: 202-224-2523

flake: 202-224-4521

manchin: 202-224-3954

@ragekittyin280 exactly! heitkamp showed that doing the unselfish thing, what’s best for our society, is more important than your political “brand.” plus it is unlikely to even hurt him much.

lisa murkowski is a no (!) on cloture vote...

but joe manchin is a yes.

kavanaugh’s confirmation could come down to his vote. over the next 24 hours, we have one job: to make manchin vote no. email, call, protest, signal boost, let’s make some damn noise.

@jordanuhl that’s a pretty big house for a tortoise.

ps - avenatti/cuomo 2020. i’m dead. 💀

mitch mcconnell says the “keystone cops were on the case,” joking about the media and liberals seeking the truth about the kavanaugh allegations. pretty rich coming from one of the leaders of the party that wasted 2 1/2 years on benghazi and elected a birther president.

democrats even have a shot at winning gubernatorial races in freakin’ oklahoma and south dakota. get out the word about @drewforoklahoma and @billiehsutton. let’s make this blue wave as big as possible. https://t.co/2ivwggs4hs

@thelovebel0w @realdonaldtrump exactly. distract and divide. that’s the playbook.

@realdonaldtrump hard for donald trump to believe, but the are actual victims out there and he’s not one of them.

since melania is a birther, when she visits kenya soon they should greet her with “welcome to hawaii” signs. https://t.co/vtosxxts7d

every time josh gordon trends, it reminds me that marijuana isn’t yet legal in most of the us which is really stupid considering it’s almost 2019.

“boy, did he fold up like a wet rag, huh?” - donald trump on al franken at minnesota rally

franken did the right thing and took full responsibility for his wrongdoings. that makes a man-child like trump uncomfortable because he's never been accountable at any point in his life. https://t.co/dlpu5m6212

brett kavanaugh’s wall street journal op-ed is worthless. sorry, but you don’t get take backsies after going full breitbart and yelling conspiracy theories about the clintons.

less than five weeks until election day, but that’s misleading because in trump time it’s the equivalent of about 57 years. hope we all make it!

@tonyposnanski flip texas blue and it’s game, set, match.

@chrisevans until today i was convinced that you were really captain america pretending to be chris evans.

republicans call delgado, a champion of women's rights, "sexist," but claim brett kavanaugh, who has treated women terribly and wants to reverse roe v wade, is someone who is pro-women because he has hired some women. it's bizarro world with these people.

the gop uses brett kavanaugh's time at yale to sell his bio and minimize his troubled past.

the gop ignores democrat antonio delgado's time at harvard and as a rhodes scholar to instead smear his brief rap career.

two sets of rules: one for white men. another for poc and women.

@luluramadan it’s interesting how so many republicans who are out of office have come out against the current gop. makes you wonder how much the donors are really the ones behind the wheel.

someone needs to invent a rick santorum-proof remote control wrap so when he comes on cnn and you involuntarily chuck your remote at the tv nothing breaks.

john cornyn comparing the senate gop to atticus finch as they force an alleged serial sexual predator onto the supreme court is a seriously fucked up thing to say even for a republican.

@kathygriffin @chuckgrassley @orrinhatch @johncornyn @thomtillis @senmikelee @bensasse @tedcruz @mikecrapo @senjohnkennedy @senatemajldr @lindseygrahamsc self-proclaimed “single white male” lindsey graham might like that offer.

chuck grassley is yelling about wanting to reset the senate’s supreme court process to be more “collegial.” 

complete bullshit.

you can’t block a legitimate judge and confirm two illegitimate ones, then demand that everyone plays nice again once you get what you want.

mitch mcconnell says democrats always have “a reason why the goalposts need to be moved further down the field.” hard to hear from someone who verbally committed to ruining barack obama right after he took office and consistently changed the rules in an attempt to do it.

heidi heitkamp voting no on kavanaugh was a much harder decision than the one joe manchin is still facing, considering she might lose her race and he is ahead pretty big in the polls. he needs to step up. now.

@jimcarrey senator flake. the most appropriately named senator in us history.

senator tim scott says he’s “more comfortable” after the #fbireport. republicans were always going to say that. this whole thing was a setup. it wasn’t a thorough investigation and everybody knows it.

doxxing is wrong regardless of who does it. but the majority of political doxxing has been done by the far right. it’s super annoying to see conservatives rage now that a sheila jackson lee intern has done it after ignoring the countless liberals who have previously been doxxed.

if you are a proud liberal or progressive, consider signing up for @theleft newsletter. it's a 100% free way to quickly get news from a source that represents your voice. you can unsubscribe at any time, so why the hell not? 

subscribe here: https://t.co/xtur37ohlv

the national council of churches, representing over 40 million people, calls for the withdrawal of brett kavanaugh's nomination. 

this is the first time republicans will ever want separation of church and state. https://t.co/tumscyblnx

halloween costume idea: ben sasse. two people lock arms wearing suits and sasse masks. one pretends to be outraged over the president while the other admits he’ll vote with trump anyway.

anybody trump endorses is terrible. pete sessions is extra terrible.

* sponsored anti-birthright citizenship bill
* most powerful anti-pot congressperson
* blimpgate, one of the worst earmarks ever
* convicted ponzi schemer was one of his big donors

@colinallredtx needs to win! https://t.co/m9kqc291w2

@lauren_hoggs because the party in power wins with voter suppression.

sarah sanders thinks the impromptu nonsense trump spewed about dr. ford is “facts,” but the meticulously reported nyt story about trump and his father is “false.” up is really down. down is really up. you’d have to be wearing a maga hat to believer her.

this @vicemovie looks incredible. not only does the full story of dick cheney’s corruption finally get the widespread attention it deserves, but also holy hell what a transformation by christian bale . https://t.co/u9awtmekwh

as if we needed any more motivation to vote, trump’s tax returns are coming out if dems win the house. https://t.co/edizipmer1

@ohnoshetwitnt @rvawonk @mike_p_williams @tonyposnanski @jordanuhl @aynrandpaulryan @atrupar @goldengateblond @jimmfelton @missmayn @matthaig1 @mikel_jollett @lexi4prez @a_leesha1 @davidmweissman @laurenduca does she know about this guy? https://t.co/7yeuv6ozs0

@ohnoshetwitnt @rvawonk @mike_p_williams @tonyposnanski @jordanuhl @aynrandpaulryan @atrupar @goldengateblond @jimmfelton @missmayn @matthaig1 @mikel_jollett @lexi4prez @a_leesha1 @davidmweissman @laurenduca damn. hard to top that. but i do have an uncle who actually thinks katrina was caused by gay people.

@ohnoshetwitnt @rvawonk @mike_p_williams @tonyposnanski @jordanuhl @aynrandpaulryan @atrupar @goldengateblond @jimmfelton @missmayn @matthaig1 @mikel_jollett @lexi4prez @a_leesha1 @davidmweissman @laurenduca i come from multiple generations of straight-ticket gop voters on both sides. so maybe for the greater good of the group boot me from the list?

note to the eventual 2020 dem nominee: if you want voters to see trump at his ugliest and most off message, remind him that he’s only rich because of his dad. that’s what was behind his rage in mississippi.

the election is 5 weeks away. if trump had actually accomplished something for working-class americans during his first two years he wouldn’t be mocking christine blasey ford and ranting about andrew jackson during rallies. he’d be bragging.

gop sen. john kennedy attacks democrats saying they don't have a soul because they were... wait for it... fed "raw meat" instead of being "breastfed." wtf? https://t.co/ptw5oymo5p

fantasy: donald trump says he received a $1 million loan from fred trump and that's how he built his empire.

reality: donald trump received almost half a billion from fred trump if you account for inflation.

as someone who has also struggled with depression, i know how hard it can be to deal with. jason kander was already one of the people i looked up to the most in all of politics. even more so now. he’s brave and honest in a game where both traits are pretty rare. https://t.co/wqkgvblfzk

hard pass on howard schultz and any other candidate who wants to run as a centrist democrat. america keeps trying center and right over and over and over again and it never really works. time to move further left. https://t.co/mgwle0vwhu

pairing michael cohen with eric trump somehow made cohen even worse at his job than he already was.

@vincentfranknfl he's a teetotaler. has never drank apparently. his older brother died due to a drinking problem

trump asked if we could imagine if he drank...

unfortunately, yes, and it's terrifying.

one beer and they'd have to confiscate his phone, hide the nuclear codes, and evacuate all women from the white house.

paul ryan exploded the debt as speaker. he was mythologized as an economic wiz and deficit hawk, but he’s been a wealth distribution machine for the financial elite. a thief who would steal the paintings hanging in the house chamber if gop donors demanded it. good riddance.

@ianpowers if it wasn’t for that unbelievable bills team maybe they could’ve made a super bowl. then in was bono and grbac. all the sf retreads.

@jbags5 clock management is always a worry.

@janschiller16 sorry! but consider this... i had to grow up watching elway toy with kc.

@ianpowers he was still very good but no longer in his prime. also was a short rental who wasn’t homegrown.

we chiefs fans have been waiting for a superstar quarterback since len dawson. the expectations on patrick mahomes are completely insane and totally unfair... but somehow he’s exceeding them.

“i'm a big andrew jackson fan.” - trump

a. jackson was a white nationalist who had about 300 slaves and believed in ethnic cleansing.

b. steve bannon started this fixation.

c. it undercuts the right-wing argument that dems are bad because jackson, who died in 1845, was racist.

@joanwalsh @senatemajldr this is a microcosm of the republican party. he ignores women of color asking him about sexual assault for two minutes but immediately jumps at the chance to shake a white man's hand. wtf?

now that paul manafort has found a new hobby in singing, it was nice of him to give robert mueller and his team a private concert. bet he even broke out the ostrich jacket.

"as sober as a judge"

"it's not brain surgery"

"nothing is certain but death and taxes"

looks like we can add popular american expressions to the list of things trump and his people are ruining.

and yet greg abbott supports donald trump, the ultimate cult leader. https://t.co/rdag5o4nlg

@elle_kennedy nice!

the gop tax scam helped the wealthiest americans buy private jets and extra yachts, then stuck poor and middle-class americans with the bill.

they call it trickle-down economics, but all the wealth goes up.

@jasimanski @kimreynoldsia @jackwhitver it’s a lot like the worst of corporate america. new regime comes in and makes bold promises, gets rich and kicks the can down the road so the next regime has to deal with the fallout. democrats almost always clean up these messes in government.

seven members of nevada republican governor candidate adam laxalt's family criticized him at his democratic opponent's fundraiser. 

this is a trend. how can the gop be the party of family values when they can't even get their own families to support them? https://t.co/g20ext1ibi

you're crazy busy. you don't always have time for maddow monologues or new yorker long reads. 

no prob. @theleft helps liberals stay informed in about 10 min a day. 100% free.

read: https://t.co/8hkkabtep2  

listen: https://t.co/r6liycfuoh  

subscribe: https://t.co/xtur37ohlv

we went from nafta to usmca: useless stupid manbaby crying for attention

this isn’t cherrypicking either. the tea party experiment in kansas, for example, was even more disastrous than oklahoma’s failure.

california gov jerry brown turned a $17b deficit inherited from arnold schwarzenegger into a $9b surplus.

oklahoma gov mary fallin recklessly cut taxes causing steep budget cuts. communities and public services suffered.

democrat economic policies work. 

republican ones don’t.

a bonkers conspiracy theory like the seth rich one could never become widespread on the left. it was so mainstream on the right that it made its way to fox news. shows you why our country is currently in this mess.

@owillis it’s true. it’s also generally not who the left is. staying in a perpetual state of anger and fear is a challenge for people who naturally are hopeful and tolerant.

@casekaem saw that! i think california can win and regardless we have to appreciate the governor of our biggest state acting like a major leader should.

california governor jerry brown just passed significant gun reform legislation, restored #netneutrality in his state, and signed into law a “gender equality” bill requiring corporate boards to include women. in one weekend brown made more progress than trump has in two years!

@underrated_dom @jk_rowling @kingtorch2297 @topropetravis @alyssa_milano @renasofer @tarastrong @sarahksilverman congrats! rad way to do it, too.

@kanyewest college dropout
late registration
graduation
indoctrination

house gop is waving the white flag in a red kansas city-area district and canceling ad buys for incumbent kevin yoder. democrat sharice davids is set to become the first native american woman in congress if we close strong here and get out the vote. https://t.co/ugku6p37bm

@gohomeben 👏

if the snl folks didn’t want kanye to wear a maga hat, they had good reasoning. it’s a symbol of white supremacy. period. the tiki-torch nazis in charlottesville who killed heather heyer and savagely beat deandre harris weren’t wearing klan robes. many of them wore maga hats.

so done with the senate gop acting like they weren’t the ones who ruined the senate.

“the democrats have disgraced this process and the united states senate.” - tom cotton on scotus

merrick garland, motherfucker.
https://t.co/ipqfpsrzsk

willie nelson debuted a new song at the #betofortexas rally last night, “vote em out.” he’s right. vote all of the gop out.
https://t.co/gzdhh6xx6m

“i’m gonna start at an 11... i’m gonna take it to about a 15 real quick.” matt damon made a perfect brett kavanaugh on snl https://t.co/nwskpgikqi

this week was so long jeff flake had to actually do something instead of just grandstanding.

@thelovebel0w 

this week was so long cleveland finally has a good starting qb.

this week was so long they put murphy brown back on the air because they ran out of shows.

this week was so long lindsay lohan had to become relevant again to fill some of the time.

this week spanned millennia. first, we scrawled on caves about “bad man get hammer.” hieroglyphics recorded rosenstein’s non-firing. news of the un laughing at trump spread via pony express. the ford hearing had us glued to radios. by sunday, we’ll use 3d holograms. sooooo tired.

@jimcarrey hang this in the louvre.

“everyone says i have a great temperament.” https://t.co/dswtomqots

@carolemyers ha! the best part of the show. easily.

here’s greg abbott trying to sugarcoat how he wants to turn schools into war zones by arming educators. the tx gop learned nothing from the sante fe school shooting. zip. zilch. #txgovdebate https://t.co/j1ir0sxzli

@idudeness when beto proves dems can win statewide soon if not now — he already has honestly — 2022 will be much different.

who else is rooting for a giant greg abbott gaffe to change the dynamics of the race? he's one of the worst governors in the country by far, and it kills me that his re-election bid looks like a cakewalk. #txgovdebate

“compelling and credible” is the new “thoughts and prayers.”

a half-assed gesture from the gop with no empathy or action behind it.

@cari_nation probably should’ve said chickened out. mixing birds in this tweet.

ted cruz is ducking a 2nd debate with beto o’rourke. cruz can come back to texas for a few hours on a sunday and still deal with the kavanaugh process. 🐔🐔🐔 https://t.co/oa6b5p8rme

the glaring problem with this fbi investigation: donald trump and republicans have spent two years attacking the fbi with partisan smears. the gop has laid the groundwork to dismiss anything that’s damaging to kavanaugh.

here’s us watching his split personalities: https://t.co/hiix2tnzjb

lindsey graham yesterday vs. lindsey graham today https://t.co/ivdev15aru

@mochamomma75 @joemanchinwv if he’s going to vote for this nominee then he’s really of no value to the democratic party and might as well officially change his affiliation.

speaks volumes that manchin even had to do this. we already knew all the other dems supported an fbi probe. https://t.co/vxippn24gf

@kimontheleft here’s the apple link: https://t.co/se1imwp4qq

@esadah @kimontheleft thank you 

follow my co-founder at the left — kim iversen (@kimontheleft). she does our daily podcast and is a strong, witty, funny progressive voice you will really enjoy. https://t.co/0nnpjdgtba

that’s not even factoring in older stuff like stealing the white house for bush, the iraq war, the great recession, etc... liberals have been getting run over by conservatives for far too long.

if jeff flake helps get an fbi investigation, great, he finally did his damn job. but there’s no pulling the country back together after all the shit the right has pulled. birtherism, merrick garland, benghazi/email hit jobs, trump, kavanaugh, etc. that bridge has been torched.

add supreme court justice clarence thomas to this list as well. he never should’ve made scotus.

let’s take this one step further. supreme court justice neil gorsuch was nominated to a stolen seat by an unindicted co-conspirator in federal crimes. an asterisk will also always be next to his name.

chris coons nailed it. if confirmed, supreme court justice brett kavanaugh will forever have an asterisk by his name.

republican john kennedy — who belongs to the party that has embraced trump, roy moore, joe arpaio, corey stewart, etc. — has no business calling anything an “intergalactic freak show.” https://t.co/yaljxzic60

senator john kennedy should change his name. he doesn’t deserve it.

red-state dems on kavanaugh:

claire mccaskill - no
doug jones - no
joe donnelly - no
jon tester - no
heidi heitkamp &amp; joe manchin - searching for their spines

@tarasetmayer jones said no last night.

@poetofscience i don’t think it’s one or the other. perhaps a harris or warren or booker or beto can pull pretty damn hard left without feeling extreme.

amy klobuchar is fantastic. super underrated. do worry that she’s too moderate. this country is leaning far right, which has been a disaster for most americans, and we need someone who can pull it hard towards the other direction. https://t.co/lq7jnkdkpw

[jeff flake and his wife wait in line at a movie theater]

jeff flake: (shouts) i won’t see this movie! it sets a bad example! we’re better than this! it’s disgraceful!

[flake gets to the front of the line]

jeff flake: (whispers) we’ll take two tickets, please.

jeff flake is running for president on the boring trump platform. "i promise to give you all the same terrible policies without the embarrassing behavior."

@schmammie68 in fairness, that was amy klobuchar’s voice saying it is “unfair” and mazie hirono made quite the statement as well right before booker was up. blumenthal called to subpoena mark judge. most are fighting like hell.

@scentsyjules no. republicans had 11 votes. there is nothing they could do other than express their disgust for this entire process.

the senate judiciary committee moves to vote on kavanaugh. cory booker and kamala harris refused to vote as a protest. watch them stare a hole through their republican colleagues for going through with this bs. https://t.co/egsucmoahw

brett kavanaugh let us in on his secret today... https://t.co/dpewpbcmhj

hey, red-state democratic senators, doug jones just showed you how easy it is to vote no on kavanaugh. he’s a historically unpopular nominee. most voters won’t even care. find your spine and do the right thing.

- serial sexual assaulter 
- proven liar
- worked for bush, starr
- picked to overturn roe v wade
- by potus under investigation

if donnelly and manchin can’t vote against that, what are they good for? they’re not democrats and should be booted from the party.

cnn is reporting that manchin is meeting with collins, flake and murkowski. it better be to convince them to vote no or this is not cool.

brett kavanaugh says it 100% didn't happen.

christine blasey ford says it 100% did happen.

republicans better hope kavanaugh didn't commit perjury because when democrats regain power, they will find out the truth come hell or high water.

@scout_finch that question no longer carries much weight after evangelicals hugged trump.

@russian_starr he knew better than to try her!

@realdonaldtrump if this is a total sham then donald trump should order an fbi investigation and prove it. if trump doesn’t do that, this is a cover up!

kamala harris refused to let brett kavanaugh off the hook. he obviously doesn’t want an fbi investigation and she proved it. #kavanaughhearings

similar to how he made amber guyger the victim for murdering botham jean, ted cruz is somehow making brett kavanaugh the victim and not his multiple accusers. time to vote cruz out 40 days from now!

@presssec @lindseygrahamsc sarah sanders wouldn’t know what decency meant if the definition was tattooed on her forehead.

notice how brett kavanaugh gets extra interrupty when women question him.

the gop expects christine blasey ford to remember everything that happened 36 years ago when they can’t even remember what they did to merrick garland two years ago. #kavanaughhearings

ben sasse is nothing more than midwest jeff flake. talks a big game but falls in line like all the other republicans.

since chuck grassley brought up the letter with the signatures of 65 women who knew kavanaugh in high school, how did he immediately produce that right after ford’s allegations became known? the gop knew about these scandals. they are playing dumb.

this lindsey graham temper tantrum is one of the most inappropriate things you will ever see from a senator. flipping out to try to shut down both accusers and his dem colleagues was unsafe and unprofessional. #kavanaughhearings https://t.co/zx0eslzylk

“i’m hear to answer questions about my yearbook... or sports... or summer league basketball...”

kavanaugh just morphed into steve carell’s character from anchorman.

john cornyn comparing this to the mccarthy hearings is laughable. he and the gop have enabled a sexual predator and “serial liar” president. they have zero credibility here.

no, lindsey graham, this isn’t hell. your re-election campaign in 2020 is going to be hell.

geez. chuck grassley swooped in to save kavanaugh from that dick durbin question faster than a superhero catching someone falling from a building. republicans really don’t want an fbi investigation.

senator patrick leahy brings up mark judge’s book about wild times with friends like kavanaugh called “wasted: tales of a genx drunk.” 

gee, wouldn’t that guy be a useful witness today?

imagine if a woman scotus nominee gave kavanaugh’s opening statement. 

the conservative reaction would be:

“why is she so angry?”

“why doesn’t she smile more?”

“she’s too emotional.”

#kavanaughhearings

republicans: “liberal judges need to put aside their ideology and stop legislating from the bench.”

also republicans: “we see no problem with judge kavanaugh attacking democrats on national tv.”

@tonyposnanski why doesn’t he smile more???

practically yelling at us.

defensively lashing out.

blaming random people.

ya know, brett kavanaugh, that opening statement was exactly how you’d expect a guilty person to act. #kavanaughhearings

shorter kavanaugh: “i like sports. i like beer. i like church. i hate the clintons.”

he obviously just got done reading “fox news for dummies.”

@adixarmy yeah, absolutely, she’s a badass. my issue was with the booker diss.

brett kavanaugh might be new to the national spotlight, but he’s already learned the trick to making sure conservatives support you regardless of how bad your actions are: when all else fails blame the clintons.

just because cory booker is kind and optimistic doesn’t mean he’s “soft.” he’s a former college football player who was the subject of a political documentary called street fight. https://t.co/brdfyaybnx

@robboffard @toxik_artemis @missnicoletta i like a lot of things about tulsi but the support for assad might be a dealbreaker. don’t get that at all.

every time kamala harris gets her turn at one of these hearings, it becomes clear why she is the 2020 contender donald trump never ever mentions. he’s terrified and should be. she’s a force of nature.

mazie hirono battled for sick and poor people to have health care coverage while she fought her own stage four cancer. she’s a terrific senator who relentlessly fights for everyday folks, especially those who are victims or are discriminated against. https://t.co/spcmqzjmeb

"i learned how much unexpected courage from a deep and hidden place it takes for a rape victim or sexually abused child to testify against their assailant." 

richard blumenthal reads words lindsey graham wrote in his own book. where's that lindsey graham? https://t.co/i6ysrlgrqi

@kwitt36 he was really just rambling, acting as if they had done all they could, which is incorrect.

@aal02115 haha! 100% accurate.

amy klobuchar is not here for grassley’s bs. that was an awesome real-time fact check stating that george h.w. bush reopened the anita hill investigation.

sheldon whithouse absolutely ripped apart republicans for refusing to do an fbi investigation. damn.

a wee bit hypocritical considering the senate gop has spent the past 2 years interrupting kamala harris. https://t.co/5ueue5pyfl

@jljacobson oh yeah. big time. in my replies and just doing a search of terms like act, acting, performance, etc. they are even saying acting runs in the family because of i believe her niece.

@jasperjaseyrae she’s under oath. same difference.

@toyarico @kimmasters we need to make sure of that by staying on donnelly and manchin!

conservatives claim dr. christine blasey ford is acting. so you’re saying in between getting all those degrees and her career and her having a family she was secretly training to be meryl streep because one day she might need to use that stealth acting ability in court? riiiight.

chuck grassley has a woman surrogate ask his questions for him and then cuts her off midway through her first question to speed up getting this male nominee confirmed. wow.

don’t know how anybody could watch dr. ford’s opening statement and not believe her. she’s clearly traumatized and scared, you can tell her life has been unfairly turned upside down, but you can also see the sense of duty compelling her to speak up anyway. #kavanaughhearings

@jlmrojas @alt_deptofed i totally agree! it doesn’t matter who victims are, they should be heard. it is just especially troubling to see the way she has been smeared.

good for sen. feinstein for making sure to introduce dr. christine blasey ford as extremely accomplished and impressive. this is a very serious person who has a lot to lose by coming forward. right-wing america has completely misrepresented this strong and credible woman.

11 men make up the republican side of the senate judiciary committee. why are there no women? there are six gop women senators. they wouldn’t even make room for one. this is especially problematic on a day like today. #kavanaughhearings

while we wait for the #kavanaughhearings, read today's @theleft newsletter to get brought up to speed on the situation including the disgraceful way the gop has handled these scandals...

read: https://t.co/ssimvme5vn

subscribe: https://t.co/xtur37ohlv

where is ben sasse? is he hiding with mark judge? he’s been the quietest republican in america this past week.

@lcleary1959 @rodgarbo @cortvo 💪

@ponderfood @price4wnc would love to see us take down some of the freedom caucus. one of the worst things to happen to america.

republicans: we don't care about the house benghazi report and doj email investigation not being able to find any wrongdoing by hillary clinton, we know she's guilty.

also republicans: we don't care about any allegations made by brett kavanaugh's accusers, we know he's innocent.

@bleahy4 @scholten4iowa steve king shouldn’t be representing anybody. send that nazi lite back to the private sector.

@cerellewoods @vanessaadiatx12 ah, yes, nothing says patriotism like a journey to mother russia on our independence day. pulling for vanessa!

@mikeebysays @karenattaylor sarah palin on steroids?! yikes. 

@alpacafarmgirl2 @dannyoconnor1 we’ll get it in round two! 

@rodgarbo @cortvo i grew up in missouri. you think cort has a shot? i hope so. have heard good things and know wagner is bad news.

@vlr2roof absolutely. appreciate everybody replying. i’m worried trump and gop shenanigans have us distracted and playing defense.

@adamtstalker @lisa4congress hey, adam. been a minute. i follow lisa! good call.

@juliashumate2 @turttle63 o’conner again, right?

@ilene_v @liuba4congress cook political just flipped this from likely r to lean r. in a wave maybe it can flip??? hope so.

@vlr2roof @mookonski @janzforcongress andrew is great. he doesn’t even let nunes supporters breaking windows slow down his grind!

@crdutcher @bleahg1 @audrey4congress i have. i used to live in la. and know there are certainly some red pockets. just amazed they don’t see how jerry brown has turned a $17b deficit to a $9b surplus. and gop corruption. duncan hunter for example.

@dumpbloatus @vetfordemocracy the way wisconsin has been rigged by the gop makes me sick. so unamerican.

@irishlass2522 @nate_mcmurray chris collins shouldn’t even be considered for anybody who cares about ethics, regardless of ideology.

@scottaeckert @delgadoforny19 fantastic candidate. rhodes scholar and harvard law grad, but the right is using coded smears to mischaracterize his art as a rapper. really pulling for antonio to show that good ideas can beat fearmongering.

@crdutcher @barbaramain07 @acampanajjar amazing that someone can be exposed as a crook and still be ahead in polls.

@drvenoch @veganpierogi absolutely 👏

@funder @marlene02374846 @delgadoforny19 @abby4iowa @lizzie4congress @ginaortizjones @scottwallacepa @jenniferwexton @wildforcongress @lunderwood630 @xochforcongress @harleyrouda @debbieforfl @sharicedavids @morse4america @mikelevinca @susieleenv @janzforcongress @katiehill4ca @scholten4iowa thanks, scott. great list! 👍

imagine being so delusional that you watched the #trumppressconference and thought trump had good manners but the press was rude. what!? https://t.co/susyhulnpx

@bleahg1 @audrey4congress it's shocking to me that republicans can still win in ca, especially when you look at dana, issa, nunes... they are terrible!

@wogaard @jennycohn1 will do. thanks!

@lisatalmadge @sharicedavids as someone who grew up in ks/mo, very excited about her candidacy. kansas is a gop-made mess and needs more democrats.

@veganpierogi @drvenoch sounds like that is r +11 according to @cookpolitical, which honestly given what connor lamb and danny o'connor did in the region, that seems like a possible flip, right?

@odysseusattroy gotta win that race. @harleyrouda can't get enough of a signal boost if you ask me. his opponent is literally the worst.

@jason_mcmillan7 feel like abby finkenauer is starting to make some noise and deservingly so. haven't heard as much about eastman. she have a good shot to win as well?

@beckythecyclist @siegelfortexas that just happens to be my district as well! go, mike.

question: name some democratic house candidates who still aren’t getting enough attention? 

the election is in six weeks and we need to make sure strong candidates get the exposure needed to win.

the gop uses george washington to excuse sexual assault, abe lincoln to excuse racism and ronald reagan to excuse its russia behavior. 

if these dead presidents were hear to speak for themselves they’d probably say leave us out of this shit.

not so fast, trump. chuck grassley has the signatures of 65 women who swear george washington was a good man. he was around back then to gather them himself.

trump is trying to preemptively scapegoat china for the gop’s upcoming election losses while validating his reckless trade war and minimizing russian interference. he’s not nearly as slick as he thinks he is.

last night, tucker carlson said, "if bernie madoff rips you off and you don’t tell his other investors, you’re part of the problem, are you not?” to defend kavanaugh and attack his accusers.

are they trying to come up with the worst defenses possible or what?

lindsey graham defends brett kavanaugh by saying "he's not bill cosby." jfc. this is even worse than when the right defended trump by comparing him to al capone. https://t.co/tqpgz2oa07

orrin hatch: “brett kavanaugh is gosh darn innocent.”

us: “then why hide mark judge instead of having him testify?”

hatch: “you want to inconvenience two men?!”

us: “we want the truth.”

hatch: “when i was a young whippersnapper in 1746 truth meant whatever men said was true.”

honestly might prefer republicans who don’t try to hide that they are terrible to wolf in sheep’s clothing jeff flake. this holier-than-thou act where he feigns outrage but takes no action whatsoever is getting old.

check out my free newsletter, @theleft. today we break down why rand paul is trump's russia stooge and what went down during a testy tennessee senate debate...

subscribe: https://t.co/xtur37ohlv 

read: https://t.co/opycnocw1e

@juliefortx25 thanks for running, telling your story and serving as an inspiration, julie. lots of texas has your back! flip that seat blue.

@pourmecoffee @senatemajldr that’s the right attire to wear around that demon galapagos tortoise.

after hearing julie swetnick’s gut-wrenching story, if senate republicans don’t immediately question mark judge it will be a complete dereliction of duty. the gop needs to stop hiding him now.

ps - if that’s not enough motivation, paxton has been indicted for securities fraud.

texas attorney general ken paxton is suing to make students sit during the pledge of allegiance. he’s also suing to get rid of obamacare/pre-existing coverage. he tried to sue to end daca. paxton is america’s worst ag and we must vote him out in 6 weeks. support @nelsonfortexas.

@jimcarrey the only way to combat agent orange is with a blue wave.

marsha blackburn calls the kavanaugh allegations a "pr stunt by the democrats" and "character assassination." so gross. she might not be a gop senator yet (and hopefully never will be), but her startling lack of humanity sure makes her sound like one. #tnsenatedebate https://t.co/2hk9cavdti

@sci_teacher117 appreciate it. updated my original with another tweet. i bet grassley, hatch and the rest of that crew put a lot of pressure on her after that fbi comment came out. 

welp. looks like murkowski is already walking back her comments, my guess is due to pressure from the party. apparently, a woman can't even listen to herself in the gop. https://t.co/dtvec3mjod

@sci_teacher117 huh. i didn't see that yet. where did you see that news? thanks!

realize mitch mcconnell and the rest of the out-of-touch old men in the senate gop hate listening to women, but they should listen to their republican colleague lisa murkowski. she says there needs to be an fbi investigation into the kavanaugh allegations and she's 100% correct.

in today's @theleft newsletter, we talk about rosenstein still having a job (for now), the kavanaugh scandals, hollywood hasbeen james woods and the missouri senate race. check it out and consider subscribing if you want to stay in the know fast...  https://t.co/j1xdtoxbks

chris rock couldn’t have made that united nations crowd laugh any louder than they did at trump lying about his accomplishments. that’s what happens when he tries his maga rally nonsense on people who aren’t completely brainwashed.

time to pull a jedi mind trick on senate republicans and tell them mark judge knows all about hillary clinton’s emails. lindsey graham would drive to delaware and pick judge up himself.

@realdonaldtrump trump says this now, but on november 7th he and the gop will be trying to forget the midterms.

@hawleymo most of my family lives in missouri. several of them have preexisting conditions. this lie is a slap in the face to them and anyone else in that category. seriously, how dare you make this claim as you are suing to get rid of the aca and its protection of preexisting conditions.

you. are. suing. to. get. rid. of. coverage. for. preexisting. conditions. https://t.co/djj4pmfrmg

donald trump is a mad dog chasing cars in a traffic jam.

mitch mcconnell caused the traffic jam and let the dog loose.

this is why mcconnell is at least as bad as trump, if not worse.

@senatemajldr if mitch mcconnell was really so sure that kavanaugh is innocent he would slow down the confirmation process so facts would emerge and exonerate kavanaugh. he’s behaving like the lawyer of a guilty defendant.

bill shine and the white house called in martha maccallum from the fox news bullpen to do some emergency damage control. hope she really warmed up her arm and shoulder before having to throw kavanaugh all those softballs.

the gop’s closing argument 6 weeks out from election day:

“health care you say? sorry. we’re too busy obstructing justice and putting a sex predator onto the supreme court.”

@janzforcongress this is only going to make people support the janz campaign even more. nunes voters make about as much sense as nunes.

rod rosenstein is now scheduled to meet with trump on thursday, according to sarah sanders. 

hmmm. what else is happening thursday? oh yeah, christine blasey ford is testifying that day. 

it’s now obvious that the white house is trying to distract us from kavanaugh’s scandals.

amber guyger, the dallas cop who murdered botham jean, has been fired. hopefully the next news we get about her will be that she has been found guilty. https://t.co/oq2ufm1ah0

once again, donald trump is having john kelly do his dirty work and fire rod rosenstein while he's out of town. his voters see him as this tough, strong leader, but he's actually a coward who's afraid to confront people face to face.

before we blame journalists for this rod rosenstein fiasco, let’s recall that trying to accurately cover this dishonest clusterfuck of a white house is about as easy as trying to give someone a tattoo on a roller coaster. also important: trump wants people to turn on the press.

sounds like rod rosenstein is getting fired. there’s conflicting news, but what’s clear is trump is pushing him out. the president is going to try to end the mueller probe and everyone has to unite to stop him. including republicans who are patriots, if there’s any of you left.

@anncoulter conservative meltdowns &gt; liberal tears

@mschlapp ah, yes, merrick garland is going to sit on the supreme court bench tomorrow and have a good chuckle with colleagues about how easy of a time he had as a nominee.

@jessefferguson @nate_cohn yup. pete sessions is a human marijuana roadblock that must be removed. he's one of the worst politicians in the history of texas politics. dangerously outdated pov. time for him to go!

this is the year republicans became so dishonest they tried to act like even bob woodward and ronan farrow were fake news. it doesn’t matter how impeccable your reporting is, the right will smear you if it helps them.

@irin @scarletm1926 thanks for clarifying. i almost did the same thing so totally understandable. easy to get confused with so many cases that are pretty similar.

@scarletm1926 definitely. i wanted to make sure i didn’t get it wrong because of the nature of the subject.

@scarletm1926 after doing some more investigating, i think that was the jane poe case. this is azar v. garza, jane doe. there’s also a jane moe and jane roe. it’s confusing and want to make sure i get it right, but someone just sent this to me... https://t.co/q2tydb2avt

@susanemoney there is also a jane moe and a jane roe case. please let me know if anyone has that info so i can update the original tweet. the closest i’ve found was a think progress article stating that how jane doe became pregnant wasn’t revealed, but it could’ve been due to rape.

@susanemoney want to make sure we are talking about the same case — azar vs. garza, with jane doe. haven’t been able to find a source revealing why she was pregnant. maybe i’m just confused? there are a bunch of these cases, which is infuriating, and they often involve rape. like jane poe.

kavanaugh wanted to block a 17-year-old girl from having an abortion, which would’ve affected her for the rest of her life. yet conservatives don’t want to hold kavanaugh to his own standard, aruguing choices he made when he was 17 shouldn’t affect him for life. seems unfair.

*ted cruz takes a break from liking porn in his zodiac dungeon*

cruz: “attack ad time.”

*cruz finds a video of beto o’rourke feeding homeless vets and tweets it*

cruz: “take that, beto!”

canada had no choice but to legalize weed. you'd want to be high all the time too if trump was your next-door neighbor.

@betoorourke @juliancastro @castro4congress this is like the avengers of texas democrats. you can feel the future starting to assemble.

gop minnesota state rep. jim knoblach has ended his re-election campaign after a report emerged that he molested his daughter throughout her childhood, starting when she was 9. but tell us again how the republican party is the party of family values. https://t.co/zu1qoqwqi0

bernard lafayette, a civil rights movement leader, said muhammad ali's vietnam protest helped inspire mlk to oppose the war publicly. ted cruz claiming mlk wouldn't support nfl player protests of social injustice is as dishonest as it gets. #txsenatedebate https://t.co/d2uuhszzyz

@eileendefreest @mollyjongfast @maggieserota ted cruz is a shower-drain hairball eaten by a dog and vomited back up.

chuck grassley is lucky we can’t invoke the 25th amendment on him. https://t.co/gnqml3glce

rewatched the #txsenatedebate.

we've heard so much hype about cruz's debate skills, but he was more lyin' ted than debate champ. he kept misrepresenting beto's record and was misleading in every answer.

beto stuck to facts and passionately offered solutions to help all texans.

after beto o’rourke genuinely complimented ted cruz, cruz responded with basically “beto believes in socialism as much as bernie.” which he clearly meant as a smear, not a compliment. this is why people hate you, ted cruz. you are smug, cold and maybe not human. #txsenatedebate

beto o’rourke reminds us that he’s visited all the counties in texas (there’s 254) and burns ted cruz for not doing that. cruz instead visited all 99 counties in iowa because he was more focused on being president than helping tx. #txsenatedebate
https://t.co/x7rm5kmys6

beto o’rourke eloquently roasts ted cruz over why we must stand up to donald trump. (@texastribune) https://t.co/snmw2ju4gc

“thoughts and prayers, senator cruz, are just not gonna cut it any more. the children of texas deserve action.” -beto o’rourke nailed it on school shootings and gun reform. #txsenatedebate

and then ted cruz mentioned hillary clinton 2x again in the follow-up!

why is ted cruz mentioning hillary clinton 2x in one answer in a 2018 debate? this is the problem with republicans; they can’t look forward, only backward. #txsenatedebate

ted cruz says part of why he’s a republican is because the dixiecrats were racist 50+ years ago and that makes the gop the actual party of equal rights. is he high? #txsenatedebate

ted cruz was asked if police brutality against the black community is a problem and he didn’t even consider it for a second before firing back with basically cops can do no wrong. he wouldn’t even acknowledge the issue. so gross. #txsenatedebate

beto o’rourke beat ted cruz on the dreamers exchange. cruz literally said “legal good, illegal bad,” while o’rourke stated that not only would deporting millions of people hurt us morally, it would hurt america financially as well. #txsenatedebate

it’s ridiculous that ted cruz forced friday night rush hour during texas high school football season. he doesn’t want people to see this. #txsenatedebate

looks like kevin cramer is this election’s todd akin. really dumb gaffe considering heidi heitkamp might be the most vulnerable democratic senator. https://t.co/trx3ehhkfy

#txsenatedebate prediction: beto o’rourke will come out focused on the issues and ted cruz will immediately hide behind petty insults and culture wars. it’s what cruz has done his entire campaign. he can’t win on substance.

@menks101 thanks for adding that. couldn't really fit it into the tweet. probably pretty smart to test drive the new look before committing, right?

in case the clown with the makeup and dyed hair in the white house isn't scary enough for you, here's joaquin phoenix as the joker. https://t.co/wpwkgvm41c

@mcoleen75 exactly.

rod rosenstein is a life-long republican who was nominated by the current republican president. those are facts, inconvenient as they might be to the right. if rosenstein is fired it will be because he refused to be a partisan hack. full stop.

this news is like, “well, sure the president is crazy, everybody knows that, but is he trying to fire rosenstein?” omg how did we get to this place.

regardless of why this rod rosenstein  story happened, think about this: the 25th amendment aspect never would’ve got any traction with clinton, bush or obama, all three hated by many, because they weren’t mentally unstable.

@realsporkman for sure. that's why i made the point for trump's cabinet instead of him. countless members have splurged on private jet rides when it was completely unnecessary. regardless, this is what an actual populist president looks like.

mexican president-elect andrés manuel lópez obrador travels via commercial flights and plans to sell the presidential plane. even getting stuck on a tarmac for 3 hours due to weather didn't change his mind. trump's cabinet could learn a lot from this man. https://t.co/pklt2ezokp

kavanaugh timeline:

* mcconnell worries about pick
* republicans protect his past
* grassley magically pulls 65 signatures out of a hat
* mcconnell guarantees confirmation despite scandal

seems like gop knew about ford but didn't care. makes you wonder what else they're hiding.

@julieco345 @psych_hype @theleft subscribe here: https://t.co/tonea2hlct

@aynrandpaulryan @realdonaldtrump republicans really are just begging to be swept out of office at this point. on november 6, trump and the gop will be the last to get the memo that this is the year of the woman.

while joe biden is hosting the #bidencancersummit to help fight the deadly disease, donald trump is taking money away from cancer research to spend it on imprisoning migrant children.

this mister rogers stop-motion video that’s taken the place of the google doodle is so well done. some much-needed positivity to counterbalance how negative the news has been. https://t.co/mkryeipowe

it's two years after the 2016 election.

trump's campaign manager, deputy campaign manager, lawyer and national security adviser have all pled guilty.

but none of that stopped trump supporters from chanting "lock her up" at his las vegas rally. absurd.
https://t.co/edvorzirpw

how long before hannity or some other rwnj talking head runs wild with this nutty ed whelan conspiracy theory just like they did with the seth rich smear? dangerous.

@hemipanther they are so out of touch they have no clue what’s coming!

hardy har har. ralph norman might think he’s funny now, but he and his colleagues won’t be laughing on november 6 when women lead the blue wave that sends the house gop back to being the minority party.

obama hired steven chu as secretary of energy. his claim to fame is winning the nobel prize in physics.

trump hired rick perry as secretary of energy. his claim to fame is appearing on dancing with the stars.

really shows which white house actually cared about qualifications.

how many times did we hear that obama was unqualified? but now it’s crickets from conservatives as an unqualified potus and unqualified cabinet members like ben carson reward unqualified people just because they are loyal. https://t.co/yzc0881c2e

@mollyjongfast you get an unwarranted raise, you get an unwarranted raise, you get an unwarranted raise...

have always been a twilight zone stan. so excited about this. jordan peele is the perfect choice to helm a show that uses sci-fi to explore real-world issues. https://t.co/cnz7j6zhw5

george w. bush is still supporting brett kavanaugh. if he ever left your shit list, that was a mistake. michelle obama being kind to dubya proves her warmth, not anything about him. also, stop grading him on the trump curve. bush always has been and always will be terrible.

@emrazz trump is gonna hear women when they vote a shit ton of his gop enablers out on november 6.

early christmas wishlist:

- kavanaugh’s bid fails
- house/senate flip blue
- ted cruz takes an l
- trump jr. in a jumpsuit
- little kids not in cages
- reverse the tax scam
- stop gop from killing aca
- start impeachment

heidi heitkamp, joe donnelly and joe manchin voted for gorsuch. if you live in north dakota, indiana or west virginia pester your senator to make sure they also commit to voting no on kavanaugh. they are off the hook here. if anything a no vote will help their re-election bids.

thank you, claire mccaskill! voting no on kavanaugh is the correct thing to do morally and now politically given his unpopularity. time for other red-state dem senators to follow her lead.

just when we thought we had gotten rid of darrell issa, trump gives him a gig because this is truly the worst timeline. https://t.co/krcpq93zc4

was this kavanaugh speech scrubbed to hide his “what happens at georgetown prep” line? hard to see any other explanation. https://t.co/riny0hvnaq

@kenklippenstein @tedcruz at this point, ted cruz can't even get through a day without an embarrassing story emerging.

donald trump told spain to build a border wall on the sahara -- which is located on a different continent! -- as an immigration strategy. someone give this man a map. or a lego set so he can build his stupid little walls. https://t.co/ewwccyif8x

@mattschultz13 one of the greatest memes ever.

@uclakerim well, they typically don't like bad wars and do like weed, and also don't seem to want to regulate bedrooms or women's bodies, so i can at least agree with them on that stuff. much more common ground than full-blown conservatives.

imagine arguing that price-gouging hurricane victims is the right thing to do. libertarians are the worst sometimes.
https://t.co/u3ckcrppcx

@thelovebel0w @aynrandpaulryan @theleft took some work to get both but eventually got it done.

the nba is generating news today at a trump level and it's mid-september. weird.

ted cruz supporters only focus on how opponents are worse, never on why they support him. does he have any actual strengths besides having an r next to his name? here’s me waiting for someone on the right to successfully sell cruz’s qualities... 💀

@hermajestyc three stacks is my favorite of all time.

outkast doing the super bowl halftime show in atlanta is maybe the easiest decision in the history of humankind but instead we get... maroon 5.

cody wilson, the 3-d printed gun and second amendment rights dude, has been charged with sexual assault on a minor here in austin. get this creep out of our community!

conservatives: ignore science/facts to mistakenly claim planned parenthood profits off of the death of children.

also conservatives: support the nra, which enables school shootings and profits off of the death of children.

@fawfulfan @pjtec @cemcemmo also the previous dem got into big trouble, which played a role. worried about voter suppression, too. but no matter how you spin it it makes me worried about turnout in seven weeks. this election gives r’s the seat through 2020. not good.

@tigerli57435526 i would guess that something in between is probably the right number heading into the three debates. which will be very important. then again, i thought wendy davis destroyed greg abbott in their 2014 debates and it didn’t matter.

almost don’t want to pass along this encouraging news given gop voter suppression and other democrat turnout issues, but a reuters poll has andrew gillum up 6 and beto o’rourke up for the first time by 2. dems can win these races if we get out the vote. https://t.co/7umb4uwqb3

the democratic playbook is don’t put garbage human beings on the supreme court. 

the republican playbook is don’t even give non-conservative scotus nominees a hearing. https://t.co/nayafqfnrc

@ericagrieder ugh. this one is tough.

bad news: democrat pete gallego has lost the #sd19 special election in texas. a bit of an embarrassment given that the district is very blue.

this should serve as a wake-up call. liberals will have to work our asses off to get out the vote in tx, a state with pathetic turnout.

chuck grassley was asked if dr. ford will get discriminated against by judiciary committee republicans, 11 white men who skew older as a group. 

his response: well ackshually it's me who's being discriminated against because i'm an old white guy.

gtfo! https://t.co/jzec1aahva

it's been fun joking about the president's junk and bert &amp; ernie's sex life, but there's something we're forgetting here... hmm... oh, that's right, the most important election of our lifetime is in less than 50 days.

understand what triggered him, but there's still no excuse for an elected official like marco rubio to engage in targeted harassment against people he represents. what about the employees who work there? they are going to take the brunt of this. https://t.co/wrknyoqe0h

ex-sesame street writer claims bert and ernie are gay. right-wingers are freaking out about the bad example this supposedly sets for kids while continuing to enable the worst role model to ever sit in the oval office.

lindsey graham wants to know how brett kavanaugh's accuser, a college professor, paid for a $200 polygraph test. 

lindsey graham apparently doesn't want to know how brett kavanaugh paid for $200k in baseball tickets.

reveals a lot of what's wrong with our country and politics.

@reneelukenovels sit this one out! you are blessed.

when trump's inauguration crowd was embarrassingly small, he made his team crop photos to make it seem bigger. 

please if there is a god have mercy on our souls and stop that from happening with this mario kart/stormy daniels thing.

people often ask what i do for work. i left my job of 10 years at a company i -co-founded to help the resistance because i was so upset about trump becoming potus. @theleft is how i am trying to help voters stay informed, excited and engaged. so subscribing would help me do that.

not only is there too much news, but much of the time it is soul-crushing, way too complicated and focused on right-wing america/the gop. we wanted to create something fun, simple and ethical that matched the voice of liberals and wasn't afraid to call conservatives on their bs.

@geokaren @theleft i appreciate that! 

if you enjoy my tweets, please sign up for my new newsletter @theleft!

it's impossible for busy liberals/progressives to keep up with political news in the trump era, so we send you everything you need to know in a daily email.

subscribe here (thanks!): https://t.co/yzeftud4p2 https://t.co/uftscb40sv

oh, to be a fly on the wall when trump asks his staff about this mario cart thing.

almost every single day beto o’rourke says something inspiring.

almost every single day ted cruz says something idiotic.

c’mon, texas. this is the easiest election decision of 2018. https://t.co/0gc0cuemji

@julesdc my mom put me on to that show. usually, the recs go the other way but i was so glad she talked me into it. blew me away.

@questlove if you love stand-up comedy and/or stories where people get knocked down and completely reinvent themselves in an inspiring way, you will enjoy the hell out of this series.

@sd_outspoken great show!

barry. godless. the marvelous mrs. maisel. all deserve the wins. if you haven’t watched these shows yet, what are you doing with your life? #emmys

@mikeprevost3 @janetlchisholm music to my ears 🎶

so awesome that rachel brosnahan used her acceptance speech time at the #emmys to encourage women to find their voice and make themselves heard at the ballot box. extremely relevant, especially today.

fixed it for you, @gop! you're welcome. https://t.co/cyy9tdp16r

a white cop enters the home of an innocent black man then murders him and ted cruz's first instinct is to defend the cop!? this. is. why. nfl. players. protest. https://t.co/xydwonn61a

somebody hang this in the senate... https://t.co/0h0bi5cvid

mitch mcconnell blocked center-left merrick garland for no reason except ideology. now he wants to ram through brett kavanaugh, a credibly accused sexual assaulter who might be guilty of perjury &amp; was nominated by an unindicted co-conspirator in felonies, because he’s far right.

future generations will no longer need dr. jekyll and mr. hyde to illustrate the danger of split personalities. they’ll have the story of democratic president mitch mcconnell and republican president mitch mcconnell for that.

here’s the full story on shortey’s conviction: https://t.co/87ya5umish

ralph shortey, an ex-gop oklahoma state senator, was sentenced to 15 years in prison today for child sex trafficking. here's shortey with donald trump jr. https://t.co/v7kfaezs4c

@musicforlife61 collins accompanied dems in calling for franken to resign. i wanted franken to resign, too. what i want here is one set of rules for both political parties.

during the #metoo era, democrats have taken allegations seriously and policed their own, while republicans have only looked the other way. will somebody, anybody in the party please finally hold the gop fully accountable here?

susan collins didn’t ask for al franken and his accusers to testify, she pushed him out of the senate. it wasn’t even a year ago. she should also push kavanaugh out. anything less than that is a partisan flip-flop. https://t.co/mw6rhgudk2

@amy_siskind along with sending ted cruz back to the private sector!

dr. ford told a therapist about her being assaulted three years before bernie announced his presidential run. https://t.co/x8xetxxvna

@jetbellymusic his dad is one of the worst people on the planet, but at least sr. has some charisma and marketing skill. junior has all of the shortcomings without an ounce of the talent. i think i dislike him even more.

@jimprice47 depends what strain. 

donald trump jr.’s mantra: “when they go high, we move into the sewer.”

@roguebarkeep there are ways to combat that. statehood for dc and pr. adding two justices because one was stolen and one was illegitimate to balance out the court. we’ll keep fighting to make this right!

@tidalwave2018 i think that ship has sailed but we should keep pressuring them anyway. it would be insane for even a red-state dem to vote to confirm now.

not sure if kavanaugh will lose a seat on scotus due to this scandal, but if he doesn’t some republicans will lose their seats in the senate. not just collins or murkowski either. ernst, gardner, heller, perdue, tillis... anybody who’s vulnerable in 2018/2020 will have to answer.

bob corker, another complicit republican who plays a never trumper for the media, says he wants the vote to be postponed. hopefully he holds instead of folds for once. https://t.co/zab2ouipge

jeff flake breaking from his party on this kavanaugh scandal seems like a positive development, and it could be, but remember he's been the king of saying one thing publicly then privately doing the opposite during the trump era.

hard to take conservatives demanding “due process” to protect their own seriously when they’ve been chanting “lock her up” for three years.

27 years after anita hill bravely came forward, christine blasey ford bravely comes forward giving the senate gop a chance to start to right their wrongs. unfortunately, they haven’t learned anything since then, even during #metoo. trump, roy moore, jim jordan, etc. prove that.

@sarcasmstardust not really. who’s to say those dems who voted for bush weren’t aging or disgruntled moderates who permanently left the party after starr/gingrich nonsense? i know nader voters who became democrats again. i don’t know one bush voter who has.

@freedomrideblog they are still doing that today by multiple means of voter suppression. this thread was about the green party, which i don’t consider to be a serious one at all, but as i’ve said before non-voters, democrats who left the party and the gop stealing the election were also problems.

@bill_fj_quinn that’s the thing. i knew no matter who i picked — gandhi, mlk, etc. — people would have something to say. it’s just the way twitter is, for better or worse.

pretty sure even mother teresa would've eventually gotten ratioed on twitter. this place does a lot of good but it can also be a real cesspool.

@mikefreemannfl bummed. thought he finally had kid life turned around. was rooting for him.

@ocasio2018 charlie kirk and his ilk think that president solid gold penthouse is a working-class hero so they don’t exactly have much credibility here.

this is classic. even george w. bush, recently considered a pariah by gop candidates, doesn't want his brand associated with ted cruz. https://t.co/yfst77xn5i

urban legends that some people unfortunately believe are real:

* bigfoot
* roswell ufo incident
* loch ness monster
* slender man
* trickle-down economics

@andymccanse @morgfair one of my heroes. he provided a lot of healing. hope we can pull the same thing off in 2020. think we will.

@seanmcelwee really great point. intraleft discussions are stressful though because people realize the person they are debating likely really cares, which often when you are debating a right-winger, eh, not so much. also, feels like getting all of us on the same page is impossible.

@andymccanse @morgfair man, if i thought my scar would never heal given that was my first vote ever, wonder how you feel?

@kellix4 @marilynlouise5 exactly. how else could the cleveland browns survive winning one game and two seasons?

@statistar30 you can blame them too as well as people who lean left and didn’t vote. i would argue that many of those voters were moderate and probably ditched dems for good, where as green party voters are definitely left. also didn’t have enough characters to state the election was stolen.

stop using sewers &amp; street lights, getting mail, visiting parks, collecting social security, sending kids to public school, supporting the pentagon, utilizing fema... can do this all day. americans love socialism, need it to balance capitalism run amok even if they don’t know it.

to right-wing socialism haters: set your home on fire breaking a keurig or burning nikes? no firefighters for you. need to rush a loved one to a hospital? no public roads. and stop calling cops on black people for no reason because being able to do that for free is socialist too.

@zakiscorner https://t.co/q9dhdcmxlz

@rickyd224 @macasu heard that a lot going up in missouri, "once you make some money you'll be a republican." nope. didn't happen. i realize that contrary to the right-wing narrative, clinton/obama were better for the economy than gop presidents, who always have recessions.

@macasu i know at least 6 nader voters who now vote straight-ticket democrat. it seems like a pretty common metamorphosis for young voters to start green and then change to blue.

what if nader voters in florida voted for gore?

iraq war and great recession don’t happen, environment is in better shape, katrina gets proper aid and an adequate response to intelligence maybe even stops 9/11.

don’t ever say democrats are just as bad or elections don’t matter.

"i don't need anybody's money. it's nice. i don't need anybody's money. i’m using my own money. i’m not using the lobbyists. i’m not using donors. i don’t care. i’m really rich.” - donald trump during his presidential campaign announcement https://t.co/4x7fwbhxtd

@barackdavote @mccaskill4mo she sure did! i volunteered for claire back in college and grew up in mo (springfield) so i am fired up about this race.

republican senate candidate josh hawley is trying to take health care away from missourians with pre-existing conditions and supporting the stupid trade war. you can tell the gop is sweating because they’re sending the calvary, trump, to springfield. https://t.co/jzm9dalaz7

we learned this week that the president discriminates against blind people, thinks printing more money will magically erase the national debt, and is willing to lie about thousands of american deaths for political purposes. scary thing is this was a pretty typical week for him.

@ayoedebiri @gaybonez what i was trying to do was explain my full position to those i don’t think understood my intent. perhaps to a fault. i’m passionate about this stuff. i have no problem shutting up and listening. of course a marginalized person will have better insight on being marginalized.

@ayoedebiri @gaybonez i read the article. i thought the clapping hands meme was from popular culture but appreciate the history there and i have no problem at all with no longer using it. offending anyone is the exact opposite of my intent here.

@ayoedebiri @gaybonez it’s fine and i would be happy to take a read! honestly, i am totally open to criticism and always am looking for feedback. wasn’t trying to be defensive just misread your response as making fun of me i suppose. sorry for anything on my end and thanks for elaborating.

@gaybonez @ayoedebiri i’m not trying to tone police anybody at all and if that’s how it came off i apologize. definitely not my intent. i’m trying to have a respectful dialogue and see if some of us on the left can discuss and dissent even if we aren’t 100% on the same page.

@gaybonez @ayoedebiri i’m just trying to listen, understand other people’s point of view. i’ve been having these discussions on this for the past few because i feel while a lot of people agreed with me, others thought my approach was off. the left is diverse and people will naturally disagree, right?

@gaybonez @ayoedebiri the “clapping back” irony bit was uncalled for imo because before that it all seemed cordial. i didn’t throw anybody under the bus. we seem to disagree on how effective my calling out of trump’s policies and smears was. that’s fine. it can be beneficial to debate this stuff out.

@ayoedebiri @gaybonez i’ll totally listen to you and anybody else. always do, unless it’s a bad-faith far-right opinion from somebody. but that’s hard to do when you are kinda talking trash on me and making it personal.

@gaybonez @ayoedebiri cool. i’m fighting right-wing bullshit the way i think will work but y’all do you. take care. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

of course, orrin hatch, whose treatment of anita hill in defense of clarence thomas was repulsive, would blow off allegations against brett kavanaugh. https://t.co/0quyqieybz

@helenarmstrong5 this is the "don't wan't" list. they are all billionaires who have openly pondered running for potus.

@astros290 by themselves:

https://t.co/dve2brhd5r

&amp;

https://t.co/8dsjoacrld

p.s. - dems also shouldn't run a politically inexperienced tv lawyer just because he gets under trump's thin orange skin.

@barackdavote i would use the term “moderate” there not centrist, which has a much more negative connotation. and i get that in some instances dems have no choice but to match constituents, even if they try to pull them left a bit.

howard schultz? no
jamie dimon? no
mark cuban? no
mark zuckerberg? no
michael bloomberg? no

too early to say who democrats should run in 2020, but here's who they shouldn't run: centrist billionaires.

@gaybonez fighting trump is just today's fight. of course. all i said was that these disgusting policies are terrible but we need at least some laws, while clapping back at the way the right uses "open borders" as a smear on both immigrants and those who want humane immigration policies.

@gaybonez i'm trying to refute xenophobia and racism. the right uses "open borders" as a pejorative to misrepresent the truth about immigrants -- as a whole, they commit less crime than native citizens -- and paint the left as lawless anarchists. they aren't talking about having open arms.

@jpbrammer don't think you are. it's appalling how mexican americans have been treated by this admin, and there's lots for our country to be ashamed of in regard to how we treat/treated different groups. just don't see a way to retroactively ditch borders/all laws in a way that makes sense.

@jpbrammer the right uses "open borders" to smear the left as anarchists. was refuting that, pointing out how dumb thier racist policies are. my position isn't "less cages" it's let everyone in who wants to be here but let's have some rules to keep everyone safe and help immigrants succeed.

gop az senate candidate martha mcsally is smearing democratic opponent kyrsten sinema for protesting the iraq war. it's almost 2019! how do republicans still not realize that voters see opposing that trash war as a positive, not a negative?  https://t.co/7wamkxzbvm

paul manafort: "i’ll never flip."

robert mueller: "never?"

manafort: "never. the president was right about me. i am brave."

mueller: "you can keep your ostrich jacket if you cooperate."

manafort: "where do i sign?"

everyone is jumping on the price of the curtains, but it seems they were approved before nikki haley’s time. here’s the thing: we don’t need lavish curtains to prove someone willing to work for trump is not a good person. https://t.co/ixaomtpxqq

@justkelly_ok @hector_e_alcala @poverotti or even a majority of people who lean left.

@justkelly_ok @hector_e_alcala @poverotti jesus. it has nothing to do with that. i’m not assuming. i’m going off polling. show me a poll where a majority of americans want no immigration laws.

@hector_e_alcala @justkelly_ok @poverotti our current system is racist. that was sort of the point of the tweet. the wall is racist. all i’m saying is republicans think liberals and the left don’t want any laws here whatsoever. that is the position of very few people, even those of us who want to take everyone in.

so, tucker, if michael avenatti is the “creepy porn laywer,” donald trump must be the “sleazy payoff president.”

@shaunking the dinos faced an extinction level event.

@giltpolitics i'm not in ny. but, yeah, to keep a republican out of office i would have to vote for democrats i don't like given where the gop is at. i wouldn't be thrilled about it but what choice do we have? fortunately there aren't that many i dislike.

andrew cuomo might've won tonight, but the good news is that the entire country saw him run a dirty race and now he has no chance in hell of even being considered for 2020.

@justkelly_ok @poverotti agree to disagree? i think you have to dismantle their framing forcefully.

@justkelly_ok @poverotti hey, now. that’s unfair as hell. criminal immigrants — which i’ve already stated commit less crimes than native citizens, but do sometimes exist and there’s no denying that fact — could be from anywhere, including white supremacists from europe. this thread is getting ridiculous.

@danrather thank you! dark moments in american history like this call for all of us to speak out. this is not and cannot be normal.

@jonfavs ditto.

@radiofreetom breaking bad should be an alias for fox news.

tadd fujikawa just became the first male pro golfer to publicly identify as gay. gotta appreciate him showing such bravery and paving the way for lgbtq youth. https://t.co/iwkbmdwzl3

@poverotti @justkelly_ok immigrants, documented or undocumented, commit less crime than native citizens. fact. also is a fact that occasionally some immigrants commit crimes, are dangerous. the right ridiculously mischaracterizes this, lives in fantasyland, but so do people who think there are no issues.

@poverotti @justkelly_ok sigh. i'm constantly talking about framing and not confirming to right-wing talking points. the entire point here was to shoot down that "open borders" smear. also, i'm for abolishing ice, single-payer, super strict gun laws, etc... if i'm not "left" than left is a tiny group.

@justkelly_ok maybe i misread your intent? sorry if i did. a bit defensive here because i feel the tweet is being misrepresented by many on the left. people are acting like i’m not far enough left on this issue when in reality if i went any further left i’d be for no laws whatsoever.

"nra puts kkk hoods on cartoon trains to mock diversity" sounds like a parody of right-wing america but no these gun-lobby ghouls actually did that shit. https://t.co/tyi2u3poem

@justkelly_ok i wouldn't assume that it would. i just think some people have mischaracterized the tweet. to the right "open borders" means no laws, no rules, anarchy. i'm for a welcoming immigration system that is humane and doesn't discriminate, but we do have to have at least some rules.

@justkelly_ok how many times must i explain this to fellow lefties? i want everyone who wants to be here and doesn't have a dangerous track record to be here. that's almost all immigrants. i was refuting conservatives framing the left as lawless and being supportive of terrorism and gangs.

more proof that this allegation, unfortunately, won't matter: the gop confirmed clarence thomas almost 30 years ago. they dgaf and never really have.

crazy as it sounds, a potential brett kavanaugh sexual misconduct scandal won’t even make senate republicans flinch. they would confirm hannibal lecter if it meant overturning roe v wade, trampling on civil rights and protecting corporations over people.

this blunder alone proves that the donald isn’t some political mastermind playing 4d chess like his worshippers tend to believe.

trump’s disgusting lie about the hurricane maria death toll could be bad news for gop candidates like rick scott and ron desantis. fl is home to over 1m puerto ricans, a number that increased by 50-75k after the storm.

@_justinwelch_ @soulkhan the issue here is that conservatives use the “open borders” term to imply democrats/liberals/leftists want no laws and openly encourage violent bad actors to enter our society. open arms does not mean complete lawlessness, like they infer.

benghazi: 4 americans died. conservatives obsess over it for 6 years because they claim hillary clinton messed up and lied about it.

puerto rico: 3,000 americans died. conservatives apparently don’t care at all that donald trump messed up and lied about it.

lying about puerto rico is like lying about 9/11. the same amount of americans died. donald trump is a hurricane maria truther. our commander-in-chief defamed thousands of victims for personal gain. the gop should march up to the white house and remove him. they have no spine.

um, who’s gonna tell mike huckabee that our current president makes slanderous accusations without checking the facts almost every single day? typically before most of the nation even wakes up. https://t.co/pbnnufjlcw

@soulkhan @rosswaldz open borders to right-wing america and the fox news crowd means lawlessness. that is the way they use it to smear the left. my original tweet was rebuking their bad-faith framing.

@soulkhan @rosswaldz i want to abolish ice, btw. i want everyone who wants to be here and to contribute to our country here. period. i just think we need some laws. call me crazy. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

@soulkhan @rosswaldz yes, undocumented and documented immigrants commit less crime than native citizens. i've stated that myself often. that doesn't mean there is no crime. all i'm saying is we need some rules and security. some documentation. i want us to have open arms, but i don't want anarchy.

republican campaigns all across the country are selling candidates as "pro-life" while the gop guts fema spending during hurricane season and sues to end coverage for pre-existing conditions. that's called false advertising.

@rosswaldz @soulkhan it means looking at the statistics to evaluate what is happening, then finding a safe, logical way to welcome all who want to be here. not using one tragedy to misrepresent what is happening with immigration. like mollie tibbetts. pretty damn clear what that means.

@nandelabra when right-wingers say “open borders” it’s a pejorative term that means no immigration rules whatsoever. it’s framing that i think is unfair fear-mongering. that was what i was speaking out against.

willie nelson is royalty in texas. him headlining a rally for beto o'rourke is a much bigger deal than your typical celebrity endorsement. https://t.co/yuve2oud0g

@nandelabra i want to abolish ice. i think the border crisis is manufactured. i’m very far left on immigration. i’m just not willing to say we don’t need any rules or security at all. sorry ‍♂️

@chairamaswamy @nandelabra i’m very far left on most issues. to me the terms mean essentially the same thing. let’s not split hairs here.

@nandelabra standing up to inhumane right-wing policies while stating we need some laws? i don’t see what’s wrong with that. i think we can be extremely welcoming to all who want to be here and still have some basic guidelines. i’m a leftist not an anarchist.

whenever a trump surrogate talks on cable news, plaid shirt guy should be green-screened into the background so there's a proper response to their bs.

this halloween display is accurate... https://t.co/lwbmgbolij

@soulkhan think you are misreading me. i want us to be welcoming and humane, but we have to have some security and laws, guided by data and compassion, of course, not fear and nationalism. if people want to be here in good faith there should be a path. 100%.

@shannonrwatts @goldengateblond jane jetson is my mom’s favorite fictional character and my mom is rad so the joke is on dana.

beto o'rourke has a 35% of beating ted cruz according to @fivethirtyeight. tune out all the pundits who say it is impossible for a democrat to win statewide in texas. https://t.co/j6qbrtpcal

fitting that reddit gave the qanon community a red x. grab your tinfoil hats and beat it. no company has to let you dox people and incite violence.

scott pruitt, who was comically reckless with taxpayer money, having financial problems might be the least surprising story of the year. https://t.co/xh78merqok

eric trump claims democrats don’t have a message. wrong.

the message:
universal health care
economic fairness
voter rights
anti-corruption
education
criminal justice reform
climate
end tax cuts
humane immigration
infrastructure
gun safety
campaign finance
equality 
pro-marijuana

with henry cavill hanging up superman's cape, dc should probably reboot everything except for wonder woman. gal gadot has been their only bright spot so far. don't @ me.

seeing ken starr become relevant again by comparing himself to robert mueller makes want to vomit.

starr is a partisan hack.

mueller is an objective patriot.

liberals 👏 don't 👏 want 👏 open 👏 borders 👏

we simply believe we can have effective border security without wasting tens of billions on a stupid border wall or putting little children in cages.

molly kelly wins the new hampshire democratic primary. this means that on november 6 there will be 15 women governor nominees, a record. that’s 5 more than any election in us political history.

gop tax cuts for the super rich are about to push the deficit to $1 trillion. so, naturally, republicans want to do another round of these tax cuts. how fiscally responsible of these non-big government individuals who totally have a plan to pay for it all!

@pcunitedpage great minds think alike. see the second tweet.

@mollyjongfast ha. thought that might be the case, but with where the gop is at and as fast as news is coming in i thought i'd check. plus, tom cotton seems like the kinda square who has a kinky secret private life.

when you can't even make it through a 9/11 tribute without race-baiting. https://t.co/gzdiyjshvd

@mollyjongfast wait a second, this happened today? jesus. why isn't this all over the place? it needs to be.

ted cruz pens a fox news article about the alamo. he continues to talk about anything and everything to avoid discussing issues currently affecting texas voters. https://t.co/ib3p4dphso

@goldengateblond his elementary teachers really failed him there. good lord.

then again, compare the swift reaction to hurricane harvey in tx -- a red state that voted for trump -- to his failed response to hurricane maria in pr -- a us territory where he lost a primary. the carolinas might be okay because they voted for him. but poor virginia is blue.

donald trump thinks allowing 3k people in puerto rico to die while throwing paper towels at victims like he was hosting the world's cruelest game show was "incredibly successful" makes you really scared for the people of the carolinas right about now.

instead of the trump admin reuniting migrant children with their families, the federal government is making the tent city in tornillo 10 times bigger. are texas republicans just going to sit back and watch their party treat innocent children like prisoners?

norm macdonald claiming #metoo went too far right after it finally took down a monster like les moonves is about as out of touch as it gets. and that was only one of the many insenstive hot takes from this interview. 
https://t.co/a0paaluyej

mitch mcconnell compares tight senate races to "a knife fight in an alley." everything probably seems like that to a cutthroat who would shank family members if it was politically expedient to do so. https://t.co/0qslz8va1y

don’t know about y’all, but i’m gonna believe one of our most renowned journalists over rob porter, a domestic abuser willing to work for trump. https://t.co/aikdrkvf1j

remember 9/11 better than any day of college. it changed me. know that’s the case for others, too. those who lost their lives didn’t get to chase their dreams, so it was important for the rest of us to realize how lucky we were and live life to its fullest. still is. #neverforget

ex-nfl player and conservative author burgess owens goes on an insane rant on fox business and says nike's colin kaepernick ad is "like 9/11 and pearl harbor." sick to compare a freakin' shoe commercial to these national tragedies, especially a day before the anniversary of 9/11. https://t.co/badxy79axf

@janmackay it’s on tape. you can listen to it here. a commander-in-chief should never crack a joke like this while talking about dead american soldiers even if it is about the opposition. poor taste. https://t.co/qncbneekgw

when you look at all this stuff side-by-side, you clearly see that republicans and right-wing media manufactured a scandal with benghazi. democrats and liberal media wouldn’t and still won’t go there. it’s gross, puts dems in a tough spot since they are unwilling to stoop so low.

then there’s the embassy and consulate attacks that happened under george w. bush. politifact ruled 13 attacks and 60 dead during his tenure as “mostly true” because those numbers were actually too low. fox news was awfully quiet about all those incidents. https://t.co/wtkqiqqtwi

let’s also not forget the botched yemen raid that cost ryan owens his life. even owens’ father, a vet, thinks trump messed up: "it was a screw-up from the start that ended badly." https://t.co/9bmbpumbfx

benghazi was an actual witch hunt.

17 americans were killed in the beirut embassy while reagan was president. that received way less scrutiny.

historically speaking niger probably shouldn’t be a huge scandal, but the gop should be forced to play by the rules they established.

trump joked and his staff laughed while dealing with a niger ambush where 4 us soldiers died.

4 americans died in benghazi while a democrat was in the wh. republicans responded by spending 2 1/2 years, $7m investigating.

watch the gop not care this time because... partisanship.

@realdonaldtrump merrick garland
merrick garland
merrick garland
merrick garland
merrick garland
merrick garland
merrick garland
merrick garland
merrick garland
merrick garland
merrick garland
merrick garland
merrick garland
merrick garland
merrick garland
merrick garland
merrick garland

@realdonaldtrump the white house better take hurricane florence much more seriously than it did hurricane maria. people’s lives will depend on them not dropping the ball again.

if only greg abbott was as passionate about banning assault rifles as he is about banning red light cameras. https://t.co/sux1spnngw

use facebook so little now they send me text messages begging me to check all the updates my friends have been sharing. sorry, but i'll never look at facebook the same after what they allowed to happen during the 2016 election. enjoying staying away as much as possible.

"lock her up. lock her up. lock her up."

[manafort gets locked up]

"no, lock her up."

[cohen, flynn, gates await sentencing for guilty pleas]

"dammit, i said lock her up, not him!"

[papadopoulos gets locked up]

"her! i said her!"

@writerdiehl i'm no meteorologist, but from what i have read it is sort of hard to tell because virginia will mostly get hit with floods. but if the storm pulls a harvey like some experts are saying, sounds like flooding could be severe.

hurricane florence is now category 4, will affect not just north carolina but virginia. hoping everyone takes proper precautions and remembers to help animals, disabled people and the elderly. also hoping the white house doesn’t fail to respond like it did with hurricane maria.

missouri ag &amp; gop senate candidate josh hawley is suing to take away healthcare from people with pre-existing conditions. my mom is a cancer survivor in mo. this would affect over a million missourians like her. democrat claire mccaskill will fight to ensure everybody is covered.

marco rubio lectures us about not taking technology seriously enough as his party continues to neglect the cybersecurity threats of the upcoming election. https://t.co/uubqpgaip9

@mollyjongfast hoping some maga hats accidentally vote for him thinking he's a sports award.

@geegeeakili @drewforoklahoma agreed. the post-2010 tea party experiment failed miserably in ok. time for dems to clean up the mess.

when the lie is so outrageous that even fox news has to fact check trump on his bullshit... https://t.co/hfn3itrfh6

republican campaigns keep attacking democrats claiming they will turn red states into california. red states need to be more like ca!

democratic leadership in ca turned a $27b deficit into a $9b surplus. 

compare that to gop leadership in oklahoma creating a $1b budget deficit.

@jensdatter tax cuts and judges. judges and tax cuts.

@kimontheleft https://t.co/wu9a7l42qr
mainstream media doesn’t really cover it because republicans bring the drama that gets ratings and clicks, but dems are focused on voting rights, ending corruption, and campaign finance reform. also, healthcare, job creation, infrastructure, and education.

buffalo bills starting qb nathan peterman already has been benched after his team fell behind by 40 points.

nfl owners are so screwed in colin kaepernick’s collision case.

bush/gop policies left us with the great recession.

obama inherited a mess, which he cleaned up. obama had a record 75-month job growth streak, the stock market exploded and consumer confidence was restored.

trump is totally riding obama’s economic coattails. https://t.co/mz70w9obav

“the white house is a reality-show, soap-opera presidency” - republican senator ben sasse on meet the press

if sasse really feels this way, why doesn't he help democrats stop this farce instead of offering hollow criticism of trump while voting to support his policies? https://t.co/zce9dvzz3p

@feebslulunbanjo nothing. cruz is trying to scare old, rural white people because he can't beat beto on the issues. his campaign has been nothing but culture wars.

oh, no. not tofu! who's gonna tell ted cruz that whole foods was founded in texas? https://t.co/i9y0tz8zke

@mollyjongfast aka trump u for comedy

conservatives are trying to make fun of the cory booker spartacus moment. they forgot one thing: conservatives are even worse at jokes than they are at governing.

wanna help beto o’rourke beat ted cruz?

texas is the 2nd most populous state but 44/50 in voter registration. contact any liberal, moderate or non-voter you know in tx, pitch beto and make sure they’re registered. 

only a month left before the deadline. https://t.co/gcvbgbrfrm

if you don't think brett kavanaugh is a hard-right ideologue, then check out some of his past drinking buddies: ann coulter, matt drudge, laura ingraham and tucker carlson. https://t.co/yq1jzflvcg

on “trump derangement syndrome”: 

if a parent is abusive and unstable, the children in the house will be affected. trump is the head of the american household, us residents are essentially the kids. we all should be feeling a bit off.

@realdonaldtrump hmmmmm... “made in china”... where have we seen that before? https://t.co/zp6fmmuqai

@justvi01a we didn’t really know for sure that obama had that in 2006. it’s very early and there are lots of possibilities.

bill maher’s suggestion of al franken 2020 doesn’t make sense. you can’t beat trump at his own game. you beat him with an inspiring candidate who can unlock the obama coalition and its 70 million voters and win swing states. no republican has been able to turn out more than 63m.

regarding zina bash hand signal stuff: believe her and the far right are trolling trying to make liberals look bad. but using white supremacy to troll people is still twisted even if this is a sick prank. besides, she worked for a white supremacist so it is a moot point.

@gogretta perhaps but they had a lot of time. it would've made a great clip and potentially fit into the pattern of right-wing corruption democrats can win this election running against

senate democrats did a great job pressing brett kavanaugh this week. but they blew it not asking him about the $60k-200k in debt he racked up allegedly buying baseball tix. https://t.co/qfdnw1devz

@robertwilliger @betoorourke thank you for your service!

@tvietor08 they really do seem like they were separated at birth.

this needs to go viral. beto o’rourke personally stayed in touch with a marine with ptsd who ultimately made a suicide attempt. extremely brave of her to tell her story. it’s also the kind of story you often hear about beto here in texas. he’s a real one. https://t.co/zifi7iri8z

@brentsnavely https://t.co/idjadiv9ax this ford story started going viral again in the past couple days after cnn updated it.

nike sales are up 31% post-kaepernick campaign. so, what were they thinking? that the majority of americans want equality. seems like they were right. https://t.co/old76wgw13

during the trump era, polls have consistently underestimated the energy on the left. even with that being the case, polls show dems have a shot to flip the senate blue. there's still time to register to vote. to volunteer and donate. let's make this happen.https://t.co/cachdesavh

geez. george papadopoulos getting 14 days in jail for fetching coffee seems excessive.

question: am i actually getting old, or is the nonstop barrage of pharmaceutical commercials on cnn, fox and msnbc just making me feel like i am?

trump claims he "fell asleep" during obama's riveting speech. listen, dude, just because you went into a food coma after scarfing down big macs that doesn't mean the greatest orator in modern political history is boring. https://t.co/83m1leip0c

president obama dared the leader of the republican party to say “nazis are bad.” we all know trump won’t do it. 

how do republicans defend that? is there anything the gop won’t turn a blind eye to for judges and tax cuts?

@ahmedbaba_ and maybe a jedi mind trick on trump as well. wait for the meltdown...

@lindseygrahamsc @barackobama @realdonaldtrump here for the ratio. will stay to look for the kompromat.

democratic party in power: the number of uninsured americans dropped by 20 million.

republican party in power: trying to raise the number of uninsured americans by 30 million.

if you watched president trump yell and drool on himself last night in montana and prefer that over the heartfelt eloquence president obama just served up, please seek professional help immediately. don't walk. run.

@sardonicstacey the gop did support roy moore.

@sardonicstacey with a creep inside of it!

“when you hear how great the economy is doing right now, let’s just remember when this recovery started." 

barack obama reminds republicans with amnesia that it was his admin that lifted us out of the gop's recession. wish i could share this 1,000 times. https://t.co/atbtsj843u

this obama speech is like being able to chug water after being stranded in the desert for almost two years. ahhhhhh. refreshing.

after having to endure countless live trump rallies, it's refreshing to see cable news air barack obama's speech at the university of illinois. this is what a president should sound like.

@wyntermitchell haha! yup. the only problem is that republicans suck at governing so focusing on the culture wars instead of the issues can help them sometimes. but long-term no way they win this battle.

@gcollins11 they better hope that chick-fil-a starts delivering and hobby lobby decides to sell beds.

@katrinahagen2 did levi’s come out for nfl players in addition to gun control? difficult to keep track of all this “winning” for the maga folks.

first nike. then ford.

major american brands now support nfl players protesting social injustice. 

how long before coke, delta, gap, netflix, etc. follow this trend?

right-wingers who want to boycott will be stuck in their houses naked, starving and bored to death.

@ngunn7 just want to make sure we don’t blame marijuana for elon musk being a prick. it already unfairly gets a bad rap.

after all the crazy stuff elon musk has said and done, we are really gonna freak out over him smoking weed? it’s safer than alcohol and should be legal everywhere in the us.

lou dobbs calls george w. bush a “radical liberal.” jfc. conservative media is now so extreme anyone who isn’t a far-right kook is liberal. https://t.co/qosddzz77w

the state scott walker runs just had an incident where cops used excessive force against a black pro athlete. he of all people should get why nfl players are protesting. but he still doesn’t get it. shameful. https://t.co/qe79rfwqgo

montana is nearly 90% white. she’s saying make america white again. https://t.co/uee5cnu988

brett kavanaugh has no problem calling laws correct, but with civil rights stuff like obergefell, which legalized gay marriage, or roe v wade he obviously wants to overturn those decisions. the gop claims to hate legislating from the bench, but that’s what they are trying to do.

one big problem with rand paul's lie-detector idea: if donald trump gets anywhere near one of those devices it will malfunction from sensory overload.

@lars9596 @jack i draw the line at threatening violence and targeted harassment. there's a strong argument all that isn't covered by even 1a. people could get killed, which almost happened because of pizzagate. plus, the rest of us have to abide by the terms of service, why not him?

alex jones threatens violence, harasses people and defames victims. it’s not censorship for a company like twitter to decide not to give him or infowars a platform. they have a global community of more than 300m active users to protect. @jack gave him plenty of chances.

"people with no names are writing our nation's history." - melania trump

she is married to the guy who used fake names like john barron to rewrite his own history (like his net worth). these words ring hollow.

dear republican senators,

you don’t get to accuse democrats of being power-hungry politicians who want to be president while you go to great lengths to protect a power-hungry president.

sincerely,
common sense

@rangerrick99 hopefully that will change very soon. https://t.co/9rkgkvu5xt

ted cruz gets all the headlines, but this is a good moment to remind everyone that john cornyn is also a terrible us senator from texas.

@fawfulfan it’s early — christie and paul were leading the gop pack now in 2014 i believe — but they are showing they should be two of the candidates for sure. 100%.

@cooptroop820 she’s phenomenal, too. was just daydreaming about her mopping the debate stage with trump’s combover. https://t.co/jf9grb34b2

cory booker was the first senator to say a president under investigation shouldn’t get a scotus nominee. now he’s risking his own ass to release kavanaugh documents republicans were trying to hide. he’s been the democratic mvp of this supreme court process.

after seeing kamala harris absolutely school brett kavanaugh, hard not to daydream about her cleaning trump's clock on a debate stage.

former kansas governor endorses democrat in the state's current gubernatorial race. the ex-governor is a republican. https://t.co/54i4x4f0hz

at least once per interview, rudy giuliani has the facial expression of someone who completely forgot their whereabouts. never fails. https://t.co/eizm71ja7j

@ivankatrump if you really expect us to believe that the white house is working to improve the lives of every american, it is you who needs to get out of your echo chamber.

#lodestar is a fitting alias for stupid watergate's version of deep throat.

if you captured the presidency using "people are saying" as your go-to phrase, you don't get to bitch about the new york times using anonymous sources.

@yashar yup. fake trail of breadcrumbs. didn’t anybody watch scooby-doo?

guessing the op-ed writer simply used “lodestar” to throw people off their scent and onto mike pence’s. it’s not exactly hard to dupe this white house.

@realdonaldtrump yes, all signs point to treason. 

* asking russia to hack political opponent
* knowing son, son-in-law, campaign chair met w/ russians
* kissing putin's ass in helsinki
* refusing to agree with all intelligence agencies

after all those smears about hillary clinton’s well-being, conservatives elected an unhinged megalomaniac whose own cabinet has pondered using the 25th amendment to oust him. infuriating to watch trump turn out to be even worse than the right’s cartoonish interpretation of hrc.

my favorite part of the new colin kaepernick nike ad -- and the entire thing is inspiring af -- is this young boy wrestling despite not having legs. really puts most of our physical ailments in perspective. https://t.co/mkpddvvqkl

there is no liberal equivalent of alex jones. he's all the worst traits of modern conservatism rolled up into one garbage human being. our most brilliant fiction writers couldn't create a more damning right-wing caricature if they tried.

alex jones and marco rubio beefing is liberal fan fiction brought to life. somebody pinch me. can we get tomi lahren and rand paul screaming at each other for the undercard?

senator feinstein asks brett kavanaugh, "can a sitting president be required to respond to a subpoena?" watch him completely avoid answering a straightforward question. alarming given that trump's lawyers will likely fight a subpoena from the mueller probe.https://t.co/nhwu0qme2u

donald trump colored a blue stripe on the flag, doesn’t know the words to the national anthem and wouldn’t fly the flag half mast for a famous war hero. he has no credibility whatsoever on this subject. https://t.co/m9hxphwgen

ted cruz: my opponent says the f word and is a bad role model for kids.

also ted cruz: recently supported a pedophile in a us senate race.

can’t wait for day 2 of the brett kavanaugh hearings, when republicans reveal his shoe size, astrological sign and wi-fi password to avoid releasing documents or discussing issues, then turn around and attack democrats for not taking the process seriously enough.

we don’t need to compare ayanna pressley to any recent candidates or call her victory a sign that one wing of the democratic party is taking over. she’s just a damn good candidate who ran a terrific primary race.

@tonyposnanski 

@realdonaldtrump i mean, seriously, how can republicans argue that brett kavanaugh is getting treated unfairly after what they did to a highly qualified moderate scotus nominee two years ago?

@realdonaldtrump merrick garland
merrick garland 
merrick garland 
merrick garland
merrick garland 
merrick garland 
merrick garland
merrick garland 
merrick garland 
merrick garland
merrick garland 
merrick garland 
merrick garland
merrick garland
merrick garland 
merrick garland
merrick garland

@realdonaldtrump https://t.co/f7phrrh9yv

@costareports bob woodward having to defend his reporting is like michael jordan having to defend that he was good at basketball.

@realdonaldtrump jon kyl has been helping steer the kavanaugh process. this is one of the biggest conflicts of interest congress has even seen.

"no one can beat him in 2020 – not even close." - sarah sanders

trump is the subject of an investigation and has a disapproval rating of 60%. the white house shouldn't even be confident about him making it to 2020.

@fred_guttenberg beyond shameful. the nra apparently doesn't just own conservative politicians, but conservative judges, too.

good luck smearing living legend bob woodward as “fake news,” conservatives. your go-to move for silencing trump reports won’t work this time. would be like calling martin scorsese a hack or saying anna wintour has bad taste.

hope ted cruz thoroughly enjoys his last #scotus hearing because we are voting his ass out in two months.

@susandoyle1963 i live in texas and agree that was completely pointless.

dems: we have serious concerns about brett kavanaugh. assault rifles. women’s rights. his view that a sitting president can’t be indicted.

gop: but he eats his pasta with ketchup and coaches basketball!

chuck grassley will go down in infamy for his behavior in this supreme court nomination process. he’s pretended like this is “regular order” when it’s the furthest thing from that. keep hitting back hard, senate democrats.

kavanaugh - unpopular far-right judge nominated by president who lost the popular vote and is being investigated. hearing rammed through without transparency.

garland - popular moderate judge nominated by scandal-free president who easily won 2 elections. never received hearing.

mollie tibbetts
pat tillman
seth rich

right-wing america continues to politicize and misrepresent tragic deaths against the wishes of the victims’ families. this needs to stop. have some damn respect.

why are media outlets still fascinated by steve bannon in late 2018? he isn’t a political genius and never was one. he didn’t even wind up being the white house’s favorite nazi named steve (that would be stephen miller).

@talkhoops once you get enough 12s send the leftovers my way.

@tonyposnanski they make a real statement when worn with six shirts.

good for nike. supporting colin kaepernick at a time when most brands lack any political courage is something future generations will remember as part of the company's legacy. some things are bigger than the bottom line -- like being on the right side of history.

@tonyposnanski good idea... but jay and beyoncé performed for hillary and we know the rest. maybe i’m too superstitious.

donald trump calling beto o’rourke weak on borders is an insane claim. o’rourke represents his native el paso, a border town consistently ranked as one of the safest us cities.

embarrassing that ted cruz is willing to do a rally with the man who called his wife ugly and accused his dad of killing jfk. cruz has no dignity and only cares about political power. https://t.co/9ukvrmkiso

@realdonaldtrump doubt ted cruz could fill a large bar let alone the biggest stadium in texas. but this shows the republican party is scared to death of beto o’rourke.

@realdonaldtrump yay! ted cruz finally has a friend.

@mikel_jollett @zoebritton never can have too much chuck d. when i think protest song i think of this song. synonymous with do the right thing.

"i have greater patience than any human being in the world." we put this toddler into the highest office in the land when we should've put him into a high chair. https://t.co/nxnhdgnxrt

this isn't getting enough attention: democrats have a chance to elect a governor in deep-red oklahoma with drew edmondson (@drewforoklahoma). republican mary fallin is america's least popular governor, and the gop candidate to replace her is just as awful. https://t.co/clsuzgshxk

@shaunking between trump &amp; the nfl, the "no collusion" folks aren't doing so hot!

evangelicals: "we have religious objections to contraception...

but if you get pregnant you can't get an abortion...

so put the baby up for adoption...

just not to a gay couple because that's also an issue...

you know what go with abstinence because that's totally realistic."

colin kaepernick's 2016 passer rating was better than half of 2017's starting quarterbacks. his collusion case moving forward is bad news for the nfl because it's obvious he had the talent to play but was blacklisted because of activism.

“trump and tucker aren’t even close to being our worst racists” sure sounds like a winnning election slogan for the right. well done. https://t.co/iesoqiosag

@randalldrew dammit. harambe 2020 has a real ring to it, too. 

@joncoopertweets "uh, hi there, can i get a devin nunes burger with treason sauce. thanks!"

@andrewgillum up 5% in the first poll against desantis! keep up the good work. https://t.co/1tcwjefnum

the first fl governor poll after the primaries is out. andrew gillum up 5 over ron desantis! gillum does almost 2x better with trump voters than desantis with hrc ones. pundits might be underestimating how much a bold progressive vision resonates right now. https://t.co/urw9ssgo83

watching joe biden deliver that moving eulogy, you couldn’t help but wonder how much better off america would be if he was the one sitting in the oval office.

casting director: "here are two different potential looks for lex luthor: bald and creepy combover." https://t.co/pm8uwnqgmr

instead of ted cruz and the texas gop focusing on irrelevant stuff from beto o'rourke's distant past, they should be standing up for the texans who were born in the state but are being accused by the trump admin of not being citizens merely because they are hispanic.

@goldengateblond https://t.co/dmkgyeaa9o

nbc news: “fudging” tapes
cnn: “fake news”
google: “rigged”
fb/twitter: “silencing millions”

trump is trying to create an orwellian america where people can only trust him, a president who has lied 4k+ times, or fox news, state propaganda.

@realdonaldtrump trump has only lied or made false claims 4k+ times as president so everybody should totally believe him.

@realdonaldtrump a fourth don mcgahn tweet? seriously? what is trump hiding?

@psych_hype @realdonaldtrump don mcgahn has said he doesn’t want to end up in a cell like john dean. trump has to be nervous as hell about him cooperating with mueller.

@realdonaldtrump geez. this is already donald trump’s third tweet about don mcgahn this morning. people with nothing to hide aren’t this defensive.

you can put the gop's hillary clinton obsession into perspective by imagining how ridiculous it would've looked if back in 2014 democrats were still fixated on mitt romney two months away from midterms.

@texasgop you know who never had any plans? this guy... https://t.co/xvufzvff8h

speaking of texas gop, are they ever going to make their guy blake farenthold pay taxpayers back for the $84k he stole to settle a sexual harassment claim?

@realdonaldtrump what this is really about is that trump would rather blame facebook, google and twitter than look in the mirror and admit there’s so much negativity about him because he is a terrible person and president.

@realdonaldtrump president who ended net neutrality complains about unfair internet. 

it sounds like something from the onion but unfortunately it’s real life.

here's yet another excellent reason to vote democrat this november: the white house is waging a secret war on weed. https://t.co/jsa0kuyn9n

this is so mesed up. andrew cuomo is going to have a rough debate tonight and deservedly so. hope cynthia nixon roasts him over this. https://t.co/fcqux3zr1e

personally don't give a shit that melania trump wore $700 louboutin stilettos and a $4k valentino skirt to plant trees, but the conservatives who threw a hissy fit over hillary clinton's armani jacket should probably be consistent here.

the florida governor race just started and ron desantis already brought out the dog whistle. straight out of the trump playbook. https://t.co/ehjkblgc1d

ted cruz’s campaign has focused on:

* opponent nickname
* attacking james gunn
* supporting alex jones
* distorting nfl protests
* hoops w/ jimmy kimmel

he demanded outrageous debate stipulations because he doesn’t want to go head to head with beto o’rourke on the issues.

chris christie led the trump transition team until jared kushner pushed him out. the white house will try to distance themselves from this money laundering scandal but christie was offered the vp spot until trump rescinded. “the best people!” https://t.co/5b0awuvguw

@realdonaldtrump the donald’s claim comes from this article where they just cite “two sources.” not exactly a reputable outlet either. https://t.co/pvzgbjzci6

@realdonaldtrump seriously, trump literally just did this last night. https://t.co/xbcezrft4y

@realdonaldtrump uh, but wait your china hacking hillary story was a daily caller report from anonymous sources. hold yourself to the standard you hold everyone else just once in your life!

@gwengraham @andrewgillum this is so classy! democratic party unity always almost brings a tear to me eye.

@realdonaldtrump trump is forcing mcsally to go full maga which will make her toxic to independents and some moderates. democrat kyrsten sinema will hand him another endorsement loss. he already knows the blue wave is coming. that's why he tossed out the rhetoric about violence today.

only donald trump could kill net neutrality and then whine about the internet being unfair.

@leftcoastbabe if all republicans end up having to pander to trump, honestly, what’s the difference?! she’ll have to support batshiy crazy.

martha mcsally is a much stronger candidate than rwnjs kelli ward and joe arpaio, but democrat kyrsten sinema has been leading her in polls and can flip this senate seat blue. https://t.co/xcmvll3wpz

question about the #azprimary: do we root for mcsally, who has a decent shot of beating sinema, or do we root for arpaio or ward, who would be underdogs but way scarier if they somehow made it to the senate?

@thetruthquester *ron desantis picks up a doll*

"hey, kids, this is stormy. watch out for her."

*ron desantis hides tax returns*

"these are tax returns, kids. let's play hide-and-seek!"

@adamweinstein he’s the worst trump fanboy of them all with some stuff competition.

this is a ron desantis campaign ad where he indoctrinates his small children into the maga cult. if you live in florida and are sick of trump, you definitely don't want this dude as your governor. https://t.co/ngbljsk5ng

andrew gillum wins! it's finally been called by major outlets. shocking upset. what a rock star. the kind of candidate you want to quit your job and work for.

next up: far-right ron desantis. this is democrats chance to take back the #flgov mansion for the 1st time in 20 years.

@shaunking he’s gonna do it! one of the best jobs closing an election i’ve ever seen regardless of what happens.

if andrew gillum pulls this off given where he started as a massive underdog it will be an incredible story. one of the better campaigns in recent memory with an insane blitz at the end. https://t.co/qmhng15qco

@jules_su @knightcolumbia trump's social media team is about to hate their lives even more than they already do.

trump steaks, trump vodka, trump airlines, trump mortgage, trump casinos, trump u, trump magazines, failed north korea negotiations, failure to repeal aca, failed endorsements, failure to get mexico to pay for wall, losing trade war, eric... 

who destroys everything they touch? https://t.co/zwc7aghoqr

arizona cardinals star larry fitzgerald says speaking at john mccain's funeral will be "one of the greatest honors of my life."

but maga trolls (including ones on the fox news payroll) will keep claiming nfl players don't support the troops. https://t.co/fvhcq8ghvs

right-wingers who politicized mollie tibbetts' death against family wishes have been silent about jacksonville victims elijah clayton and taylor robertson, plus the 11 injured. they are cherry-picking tragedies to push narratives that aren't supported by the numbers. it's gross.

lindsey graham losing the influence of john mccain as he spends more time with golfing pal donald trump is going to be very bad for democracy. graham has gone from never trump to the senate version of devin nunes in two years time. expect him to sink even lower.

hoping that jeff flake’s endorsement of martha mcsally backfires because no way either of the crazies, kelli ward or joe arpaio, beats kyrsten sinema. would be the first time arizona elected a democrat to the us senate since 1988.

this is hypocritical. donald trump blocked me and other dissenting voters from interacting with his tweets. rigged responses to look favorable. that’s “controlling what we can &amp; cannot see.” fortunately, courts made him unblock us. he blocked me 5/17. finally was unblocked today. https://t.co/forflwgwhi

brian kilmeade misspelled "milk" as "m-a-l-k" today on fox &amp; friends. relieved this show is where our president gets his policy from! https://t.co/l8qgc0x917

rachel maddow lit into donald trump for mishandling john mccain's death, saying all he had to do was "be decent and don't make it about yourself." unfortunately, he is capable of neither of those things. https://t.co/0xddhce0ed

judges rule that north carolina map gerrymandered by gop is unconstitutional and may have to be redrawn before election day. these assholes drew a map where they won 10/13 districts despite only getting 53% of the vote. https://t.co/8tnbzdvgrb

@pittsburghrn haha. i love that his last name took on a new meaning that he has to hate so so very much.

rick santorum is who cnn books to give viewers the full kellyanne conway experience when kellyanne conway is unavailable.

republicans and right-wing propaganda have reacted to trump being linked to felony crimes by saying democrats might call for impeachment so they are the real bad guys here. the saddest part is how many americans are so brainwashed they’ll believe it.

will support whatever democrat is on the ballot in the florida governor race this fall, we'll select a good one either way, but @andrewgillum is such an inspiring leader that i'd urge sunshine state voters to pick him in the primary. he's surging and can pull off the upset.

nra tv host grant stinchfield's post-jacksonville hot take is that headphones are the real problem because they don't allow people to hear gunshots. the nra will exploit absolutely anything to avoid blaming lax gun laws for human suffering. https://t.co/tgtjvelwmg

republican gov. bruce rauner vetoed a bill that would raise illinois teacher pay to a livable minimum wage. the latest development in the gop war on educators. https://t.co/ui81fhiqba

new poll: beto o'rourke statistically tied with ted cruz! tx had 2nd worst turnout in 2016. lots of potential new voters. if you know anybody in tx who would vote for beto/against cruz, get them to register while there's time. beto up around 20 points with 18-34 and independents. https://t.co/evsawt3zwm

we went from nafta to need a fake trade agreement because trump feels the walls are closing in. he can’t unilaterally do a new deal without congress. this is a stunt, a distraction.

the replies to this aoc tweet are absurd. she didn’t even applaud mccain’s politics, just his lifetime of service and how he got along with his colleagues. did people really expect grave dancing? guess she screwed up by being a class act. https://t.co/zlge1iec61

a bunch of innocent people got shot in jacksonville today but our president thinks it’s more important to tweet about his approval rating. there has never been anyone more self-absorbed than donald j. trump. https://t.co/gk6e4kytyd

"hey, i'm a right-winger! i claim gun reform won't work because lawbreakers will always find a way to break the law. except when it comes to a stupid $25 billion border wall. lawbreakers won't find a way to break the law there. nevermind ropes, ladders, shovels, boats &amp; planes."

pulse nightclub
parkland
stand your ground law
jacksonville

governor rick scott put his alliance with the nra, who gives him an a+ rating, ahead of his constituents. floridians should keep that in mind when they vote this fall.

@reinventcarrie glad she is ok!

@deray impossible to keep up with all the gop insanity nowadays.

mass shooting at a madden tournament in jacksonville. this is america. people can’t even socialize over video games without being shot. our country has a toxic gun culture. anybody who refuses to see it is in denial. how many more tragedies must we endure before we act?

pretty effing crazy that a republican who believes she was abducted by aliens is nowhere near the scariest gop candidate running this cycle. https://t.co/wjxjupju6v

@amanda_clinton and tax cuts. it’s the same bush/reagan supply-side economics that caused the crash.

ceo wages are up 18%.

worker wages are stagnant. 

healthcare is being sabotaged. 

medicaid, medicare &amp; social security are in danger of being cut.

republicans like to brag about the stock market, but on their watch america has gotten worse for everyday folks.

@supurattahausu @mikel_jollett sorry for your loss. my mom is a cancer survivor. her life was saved by aca. mccain’s vote made a difference for people like her &amp; those positively affected by medicaid expansion. also i believe you don’t dance on people’s graves unless they are bin laden or something. take care.

neil simon grew up during the great depression and found refuge in comedy. love that someone who grew up in a miserable situation still kept his sense of humor intact and went on to make the entire world laugh. rip.

@zaxdad123 the fact that her colleagues weren’t outraged over this shows they are a bunch of cowards paralyzed by their fear of the maga hats.

kelli ward is a horrible person, but she’s not even the worst human being in the gop arizona senate primary. that dubious honor goes to joe arpaio. republican primaries are now about who’s trumpier, not who has better ideas.

understand having complicated feelings if you disliked mccain’s politics and/or hawkish foreign policy. but he was a pow for 5+ years and refused early release to show solidarity with fellow prisoners. for that alone he deserves our respect. hope everyone keeps it positive today.

in a party full of trump doormats, john mccain was more willing to stand up to the president than any other republican. his politics were almost always the opposite of mine, but you gotta respect his final chapter. if there were more like him we’d be in a better spot right now.

@real_joenathan @windmillcharger counter-counterpoint: democrats will never elect someone like trump.

@iamsuesue2 encouraging developments there, too! see my second tweet.

the new changes will also make democratic caucuses more accessible and many states are looking at replacing caucuses with primaries, which is being encouraged.

good riddance to superdelegates having power in the presidential process. big win for the base. hope to never hear that word again after the drama it caused in 2008 and 2016. https://t.co/bc1jqjuruq

sometimes we have to give history lessons because everybody gets the blame except the people who are actually responsible for destroying the middle class.

republican supply-side economics caused the great recession, not mexico, china, the deep state, fake news or socialism. the gop also made the recovery act worse for working folks while fighting for the 1%. fast-forward to trump era tax cuts and deregulation. they learned nothing.

conservatives, here’s homework for football season: pay attention during the national anthem. how many fans have hats on, talk, go to the restroom, buy beer, use phones, etc.? you’ll be shocked. then you’ll realize the fuss is about silencing the black community — not patriotism.

@cbsnews appreciate the correction, we all make mistakes, but why didn’t you say it like this the 1st time? it shouldn’t be that hard to avoid parroting disingenuous right-wing fiction. the entire mainstream media falls for this trap way too often. please do better. america depends on it.

cbs finally got it right. thank you. see, it’s not that hard to be fair and refrain from piggybacking on twisted right-wing narratives. https://t.co/qxxjlxvghf

@zettie_geez @cbsnews see my follow-up. i was talking about cbs not beto.

so when we liberals scoff at the term “liberal media,” stuff like this tweet by cbs news is why. the mainstream media often adopts the framing used by republicans and right-wing media instead of phrasing things in a more factual, objective way.

for the millionth time nfl players are protesting social injustice not the anthem itself. https://t.co/otui0gszs1

ted cruz is still trying to weasel out of debating beto o'rourke. his non-negotiable demands are that the cruz campaign picks the cities and the format, with all debates being held on friday night when texas is obsessed with high school football. absurd. https://t.co/amgdrbdgph

so robert mueller, longtime republican, needs to rush an investigation that is only 15 months old, benghazi went 2 1/2 years, to clear a republican president and that will somehow prove he's not partisan? lay off the sauce, rudy. https://t.co/rmajfcm79n

“are you my illegitimate child?” https://t.co/riafk9tv04

if the allegation is true and trump does have an “illegitimate child” — and we already know he has unprotected extramarital sex — hearing mike pence and evangelical leaders try to explain this away will be the greatest thing ever. https://t.co/rf5cy2lqaf

@rex_rexchapman the only legitimate lebron.

trump had lionel lebron, one of qanon’s biggest promoters, in the oval office. i’m old enough to remember the right-wing freak out over bill ayers, who obama barely even knew. yet you won’t hear the gop object to this at all.
https://t.co/ax7tp5zzuc

drudge: "msnbc dominates white house hell week" *chef's kiss* https://t.co/aesyueveuf

@variety we need more members of ownership families to get behind the players. too many on the wrong side of history or complicit in silence trying not to offend anybody.

"she has a camper truck, he has a private jet." 

that headline really sums up the difference between most democrat and republican candidates this cycle. https://t.co/rjgaihz1wy

@yashar @foxnews @acampanajjar if cnn did a smear like this to trump, say "grandson of pimp rises in polls against hillary clinton," fox news would've talked about it for months.

@choo_ek @mikel_jollett yup. if osama bin laden dies or bill cosby goes to jail or a nazi loses his job, yeah, it's entirely justified to make sure monsters are remembered as such. otherwise, i try to just zip it if i can't say something nice.

@mikel_jollett 100. many of us are willing to throw hard shots at right-wing america all day every day, but at times like this if you can't say something kind just sit it out. celebrating tragedy is never really a good look.

today trump...

blew off sending condolences to john mccain, a dying war vet from his party.

sent "warmest regards" to kim jong un, a psychopathic enemy dictator.

praised rep. jim jordan, under fire for enabling sexual abuse at ohio state.

sadly a pretty typical day for 45.

@seungminkim also don’t be a student wrestler under jim jordan’s supervision.

summer 2016 gop: "law and order" and "lock her up"

summer 2018 gop: "collusion is not a crime" and "flipping almost ought to be illegal"

summer 2020 gop: "corruption is your patriotic duty" and "snitches should be shot"

@kyunglahcnn @senjohnmccain tomi is a human in name only. lower than low to take shots at him on a day like today.

it's like so ridiculous that democrats think there is racism within the gop. it's not like the republican president tweeted white supremacist talking points about south africa this week or anything. https://t.co/ykdqgup6dh

@glennbeck this one makes more sense... https://t.co/nuttizjccm

46% of voters don't want brett kavanaugh to be confirmed 

45% of voters do want brett kavanaugh to be confirmed 

this is a fox news poll https://t.co/uz2x97sx6w

@mattgaetz scooping up poop and smearing your shit all over the place are actually polar opposites, little buddy.

a one-tweet argument for term limits. https://t.co/tcn9izdvrq

where do right-wingers go next after suggesting al capone got screwed: jeffrey dahmer was misunderstood?

- bowling green massacre
- alternative facts
- spying microwave

not only is kellyanne conway famous for lying, her lies are even famous. https://t.co/retjbcbiac

@rorybwood he opposed the repeal bill in the senate largely because he wanted arizona to keep expanded medicaid. i don’t agree with him on much, again, but he does get some credit for being somewhat reasonable in a party that completely lost its mind and compassion.

the good news is that in 10 weeks democrat danny o’connor gets another crack at troy balderson. this district isn’t lost yet. https://t.co/xtwuynvyv4

pulse - 49 killed
las vegas - 58 killed
sutherland springs - 26 killed
parkland - 17 killed
sante fe - 10 killed

gop: "thoughts and prayers. you can't regulate evil."

mollie tibbetts tragedy - 1 killed

gop: "congress approve the border wall now!"

@sheldonstanton9 @lucycarin @colinallredtx two of the worst ones by far. which is more than enough.

important: trumpers are trying to save pete sessions, one of the worst house republicans. support @colinallredtx. we can flip this seat blue if we fight, but this race isn't getting enough attention. allred is an excellent candidate. donate/volunteer here: https://t.co/ler8krnphz https://t.co/lfr6q1u7gm

@rorybwood well, he helped save the aca and tried to come up with a daca fix that did not include funding for the border wall. those are just two recent examples. i disagreed with him a lot, but i got to give credit where credit is due.

also sad that over the past 20 years the gop became the party of bush then trump instead of john mccain. hardly ever agreed with him, i’m a liberal and he’s a conservative, but can guarantee the us would be in a better place if republicans followed his lead instead of lesser men.

john mccain is a rare politician. a fighter almost as likely to clash with his own party as the opposition. wishing for him to find a peaceful end and hoping people have nothing but kind words to say regardless of political leanings. we owe him that for his service.

@danscavino @realdonaldtrump @secretsbedard @dcexaminer is this a joke? they have lavar ball and leonardo dicaprio listed as potential 2020 candidates. on the other hand, either would be better than what we have now.

*oval office. trump looks around to make sure he's alone, then types.*

google search: can bone spurs keep you from going to prison?

chris cuomo says what most of america thinks about kellyanne conway right to her face: “you should admit he's lying, and you don't, and that's why people don't trust you.” https://t.co/qtxatfrdan

that planned parenthood vote was sneaky as hell. rand paul and the gop knew it had no shot of getting 60 votes (fell 15 short). looks like a stunt to provide roe cover for collins and murkowski if they confirm kavanaugh, and also to hurt red-state democrats right before midterms.

@jordanuhl she’s just trying to keep up with the (alex) joneses.

@jordanuhl only tomi could use a completely different distortion of facts to defend her first distortion of facts. she's like inception for right-wing morons.

it hasn't been said enough this week that sean hannity was one of michael cohen's three clients. fox news shouldn't even allow him to weigh in on this massive conflict of interest.

in all fairness to the sponge, it would have much more coherent policies than charlie kirk. https://t.co/2drgkfxysx

protestors chant "lock him up" at republican duncan hunter. poetic justice to see this shouted at conservative after conservative as they enter courthouses. https://t.co/qlfqhwthzr

trump can fire sessions. he can probably fire rosenstein. he can fire lots of people. know who he can’t fire? the resistance. but we can fire him in 2020 and republicans in congress in 75 days.

@nowthisnews lindsey graham blows whichever way the wind goes like a weak palm tree in his home state. he’s a self-absorbed coward.

conservatives called michelle obama both a gorilla and a man, and chastised her for wanting to help stop childhood diabetes, but keep crying us a river over melania trump supposedly getting treated unfairly.

dan patrick is a horrible person. any texan who votes for him should be ashamed of themselves. the way right-wing america is ignoring both the overall data on undocumented immigrants and the wishes of mollie tibbetts' family and friends to weaponize her death is gross. https://t.co/ucihbviqvd

this talking point that manafort is a good man because he worked for dole and reagan is silly season. i don’t care if he worked for gandhi and mother teresa — a crook is a crook.

76% of school districts have children with school lunch debt.

2.5% of elementary and secondary students are homeless.

94% of teachers buy classroom supplies.

betsy devos wants to buy guns for teachers to make schools more unsafe instead of addressing these crucial problems.

@pearl313131 that was literally two decades ago and nowhere near as bad as the trump corruption and scandals. i couldn’t even vote back then.

@wyattlowe i wanted him to get primaried fwiw. hung jury made things a little harder. but i agree this is the one bad recent stain on our record.

call me crazy, but morals aside i also don’t think the democrats would be stupid enough to mortgage their permanent reputation for one piece of unpopular legislation and (maybe) two supreme court justices while allowing a cult to hijack the party.

@cynicalpuss also a lot easier to sacrifice a king than the permanent reputation of your political party. republicans even saw it that was with nixon at the end.

if donald trump was a democrat, is there any doubt that the party and its base would have already pushed him out? think about al franken. dems have adopted a zero tolerance policy for unethical behavior. tells you all you need to know about where the two parties are at morally.

orrin hatch once suggested that ken starr should name bill clinton as an "unindicted co-conspirator" in a monica lewinsky indictment. but since the president is a republican this time, even though the situation is much worse, he feels totally different. unbelievable.

@khaled74 watch your mouth! ;)

@sustainablelaf the debates haven’t even started. i don’t think this has to be a moral victory. beto can win. he seems to be creating a ton of new voters in a state with poor turnout. he’s being severely underestimated.

those of us who live in texas aren’t surprised that beto o’rourke is already down only 4 points to ted cruz. it really feels like we are witnessing this generation’s bobby kennedy come of age. the energy on the ground is insane. https://t.co/kai5gkfylg

"a desperate and pathetic attempt by democrats to obstruct a very highly qualified nominee." - sarah sanders

that’s what the senate gop did to merrick garland. dems are simply trying to stop a criminal potus from picking a justice for 30-40 years.

@therickwilson and w or l, every dem should have this guy on their radar. the frustrating thing for talented politicians like him &amp; julian castro is they would probably have a better chance of winning nationally than statewide in texas. but do they get the chance if they don’t win here first?

@theellenshow @betoorourke please put him on the show. lots of texans still don’t know about this awesome candidate.

@chelfrich i said “appears to be” because they are still in the process of being sued and investigated, and i try to choose my words carefully, but you are right there is considerable evidence.

sarah sanders is like a talking pull-string toy with only a handful of phrases:

* that's a ridiculous allegation
* the president did nothing wrong
* i'm not aware of...
* i refer you to legal counsel
* force-fed bible quote

@girlsreallyrule it was a service for truth. rip.

related: the clinton foundation gets an a grade from charity watch and 4/4 stars from charity navigator...

https://t.co/vilkqimaqd

https://t.co/wvsoqbl1ya

we had to endure all those crazy conservative rants about the clinton foundation and it turns out the trump foundation is the one that actually appears to be dirty. https://t.co/fddlgsc8tq

if squeaky clean barack obama didn’t get a hearing for a scotus nominee, a president who is an unindicted co-conspirator in felony crimes definitely shouldn’t get one. don’t back down, senate democrats. put your foot on the gop’s throat. this is now a fight you can win.

dutch olympic gold medalist maarten van der weijden swam for 55 hours straight with minimal breaks to raise money for cancer research. he had to stop short of his goal because of illness. look at these photos of his hands and feet. took serious guts even to attempt this madness. https://t.co/tditnufmqw

@maziehirono @realdonaldtrump mazie hirono might be the most underrated politician in america today. she kicks ass all day long and not even stage 4 kidney cancer has stopped her. thank you for all that you do, senator!

@h_lev falls right in line with the unofficial gop mantra: do as we say not as we do.

the audience on megyn kelly today laughed at lanny davis when he asked americans to help raise money for michael cohen. classic. https://t.co/kbqqibyjje

so don’t donate to michael cohen’s gofundme. he’s still a multimillionaire white-collar criminal even if he is cooperating. if you want to stick it to trump, give that money to democrats in swing districts instead. https://t.co/amn9tjiuoe

the adelsons are also burning through millions to make sure the senate stays red. regardless of all the scandals, right-wing america won't go down in the midterms without a fight. https://t.co/jithwhcaxk

while the country is distracted by white house crime syndicate drama, the kochs are quietly spending big to help other terrible republicans, like scott walker. https://t.co/kkxfqh87ki

the president of the united states is out here praising convicted criminal paul manafort as a “brave man” just because he didn’t flip on him. congrats, republicans, you elected the goodfellas administration.

"donald trump is indeed a scumbag. voters know that." - elise jordan on #morningjoe. she correctly points out that maga folks don't care about his personal behavior at all. https://t.co/auqj47snu2

we're in the most turbulent moment of the trump presidency, but pediatricians encouraging playtime is a big story over on fox and friends. https://t.co/baefxstt1t

the gop is coming for your medicare and social security. they've tipped their hand. it's how they plan to pay for the deficit-exploding tax scam. vote accordingly. https://t.co/3m92lkbuim

mitch mcconnell on the lewinsky scandal: "will we condone this president's conduct or will we condemn it? will we change our standards or will we change our president?" 

mitch mcconnell on michael cohen pleading guilty to crimes committed to silence trump affairs: 

@cnnpolitics the republican party survived nixon, iran contra, george w. bush and a pedophile speaker of the house. these people don't care about morals, only winning. stop asking this question.

hey, conservatives, stop saying paul manafort’s crimes have nothing to do with trump. at the very least, trump’s judgment was so poor he hired a criminal, who has now been found guilty in a court of law, to run a presidential campaign. that’s not something you can just blow off.

@mike_p_williams everyone just needs to accept he will do/say anything to win and most republicans have adopted that mindset as well.

@molitron he’s probably won more than he’s lost but most of his wins are in safe deep-red races or primaries. the moore and saccone endorsements were particularly embarrassing.

@mike_p_williams he said it is the new democrat slogan. jfc. that base will believe anything, though, so it will work.

trump claimed andrew cuomo was talking to "a room loaded up with socialists." some idiot in the crowd yelled "communists," proving these people have no idea what socialism even is. even trump had to correct him! https://t.co/mf3mvvyzye

"i don't want to brag about it, but, man, do i have a good record on endorsements." - donald trump at his wv rally, somehow forgetting about ed gillespie, luther strange, rick saccone, roy moore, etc.

msnbc: manafort/cohen coverage

cnn: avenatti on manafort/cohen 

fox news: silent sam confederate statue, mollie tibbetts &amp; jakiw palij

50-50 chance hannity has an aneurysm during his show tonight and i wouldn’t miss it for the world.

despite what happened to cohen and manafort today, thousands of maga hats will still scream “lock her up” at tonight’s rally in charleston, wv because the trump cult has been programmed not to believe anything they are reading or seeing.

holy hell did elizabeth warren show impeccable timing by introducing her anti-corruption and public integrity act today.

michael cohen pleads guilty.

paul manafort found guilty.

donald trump might be bluffing witch hunt but lady justice just threw down a pair of aces.

@tvjedi yep. spielberg, too. might as well include mister rogers and mother teresa.

can't wait for the qanon spin on michael cohen:

"uh well he always was part of the deep state tom hanks pedophile ring because he eats pizza and once wore red shoes. trump figured out he was a mole and stormy daniels was a sting operation. #redpill #soros #rothchild #maga"

@lizfinger1 “landslide” would also be a good one for this upcoming november.

@lizfinger1 you ain’t lying! trump, hypocrisy, mcconnell, russia, gaslighting, indictments, etc. so many autofill words that come up first only because of gop shenanigans.

imagine hillary clinton’s lawyer taking a plea deal over campaign finance violations while john podesta was on trial. the same house republicans who are passionately protecting donald trump during this michael cohen/paul manafort drama would vote to impeach hrc. rank hypocrisy.

susan collins just made her 2020 re-election campaign a whole lot tougher by pushing this garbage excuse to maine voters. this is further proof that there are no independent thinkers left in the gop. they are all in on the con. https://t.co/tq6jibvtog

@kylegriffin1 the tom price rule.

michael cohen might reach a plea deal as early as today. countdown to a trump twitter tantrum in 3... 2... 1... https://t.co/jxaxaivywo

@atmostrio we were talking about single-payer, debt-free college, the environment, gun regulation, marijuana legalization... i just don’t think that is a valid argument. the democratic platform was the most progressive in party history. and bernie and hrc both deserve credit for that.

@atmostrio joe lieberman and red-state democratic senators sunk it. many democrats wanted the public option including myself. i think if liberals would’ve showed up and won the 2010 election we probably could’ve made the aca considerably better. but we didn’t get out the vote.

@atmostrio no politician is above criticism, but people acting like pelosi and democrats accomplished nothing is unfair. the most obvious example is getting 20 million uninsured americans coverage, including cancer survivors like my mom who might be dead without the aca.

@bitchypundit that’s unfair. i care about beating the gop. once we do that i honestly will support whoever the majority rallies around to be the next leaders. i’ve just seen us lose too many elections because we couldn’t come together and focus.

@atmostrio this isn’t democracy shaming, but a request to first focus on the task at hand. it’s a moot point if dems don’t win. we should absolutely have a discussion about leadership with all factions included in that decision. but there’s no decision to make if we lose.

to david hogg and others on the left criticizing nancy pelosi: now is not the time. if we don’t win this election there will be no debate over who should be the democratic speaker. let’s suspend the infighting long enough to win the midterms. then we can have that conversation.

kelly marie tran standing up for herself after being harassed by alt-right trolls. good for her. nobody should be silenced by these societal shit stains. https://t.co/fs7xquxxvp

@underrated_dom anybody who was complicit will have to answer to kids or grandkids one day. or at least not like what they see in the mirror.

*a trump rally*

trump: “those nfl sons of bitches disrespect troops who got injured fighting for the flag.” 

crowd: boo!

trump: “now let me tell you about how much i hate john mccain.”

crowd: yay!

the only decision george papadopoulos has left to make is top or bottom bunk. he had his chance to make things right and blew it. https://t.co/cflxhku3od

"do not worry because at this game you guys are allowed to kneel. there's no old white man that can stop ya." kevin hart at #vmas https://t.co/hhe5vghyca

